Adelina: Hi handsome. Where you you come from? Cyprien: What do you mean?
Priscilla: You're in a lot of trouble, Stuart Stu: OMG, what did I do this time? Priscilla: I told you I needed the Microsoft Office software for my new laptop Stu: Right, so? That's what I gave you on that disc Priscilla: No, you silly boy, your IT friend is and idiot Stu: What did Alex do wrong?
Adam: hi Mum! Hannah: Hello, ready for your flight? Adam: yes, just finished packing Adam: can you remind Dad that the plane was rescheduled and will arrive one hour later?
Anna: Still, great app! And it's for men too! U choose ur sex and then add photos of clothes :) Peter: Is there a minimum number of clothes I should add?
Ken: Fuck you, you pimp Greg: What? Ken: Fuck you man, I want my money back Greg: Was your account hacked by some prankster? Ken: No, I'm the prankster, just having a laugh at your expense Greg: Well, fuck you too then XD
Kamden: Hey! Mckinley: Hi! Kamden: I haven't seen you in a while - i've mostly been off social media.
Gloria: <file_photo> Gloria: I'm too poor for my lifestyle Amanita: we all are, sweetie Gloria: it's so frustrating! Amanita: but I thought your salary is pretty decent Gloria: yeah but bear in mind that my therapy is expensive Amanita: maybe you need to cook more Gloria: I cook Gloria: I made sushi and tiger prawn korma Amanita: those are expensive meals Amanita: pancakes are super cheap Amanita: soups, too Gloria: maybe I should plan my meals better Gloria: thanks for the tip
Ray: u in ur room? Max: no whats up Ray: someone locked the door from outside -_- Max: wtf xD Ray: yeah dude cmon u gotta let me out Max: but im out Ray: are u kidding me Max: sorry man XD Ray: dude i have to pee Max: HAHAHAHHAHAHA XD Ray: thats not funny >.< Max: it actually is xD Ray: can u ask someone else to do it Max: yea let me see if my roommates there Ray: HURRY Max: hes coming Ray: tell him to HURRYYY Max: hes on his way  Ray: he opened it, thanks Max: enjoy XD
Everett: Ralph asked me if i could give him your phone number, is that cool? Amy: who's ralph? Everett: my friend, i introduced him to you at the pub last week, tall, brown hair, weird laugh... Amy: oh i remember him now, is he a psycho?
Zoe: <file_video> Frank: Love you! Zoe: :-* Frank: Have a good day, babe :-*
Frank: Son, will you come home this weekend? Son: not sure yet. Something happened?
Rita: I need some info on you client. Helen: Which one? Rita: Salvage Industries.
Stefano: Hi, Josie! Josie: Ciao, Stefano! Stefano: So, what about Foucault's Pendulum?
Keira: How come it started with wildangel3 then went to 1 wouldn't it make more sense to go from 1 to 2 and then 3? Lois: yeah, i couldn't get onto my aacount for some bizar reason Lois: but I'm thinking of deleting both - i mean, I created it when I was 10! Keira: I figured ^^ Lois: Mean Keira: <file_gif> Lois: yeah yeah Lois: btw, I saw your sister in town the other day Keira: WHAT?!
Ken: Hey, how are you doing today? Ellen: Fine. How are you?
Euodia: What is tiktok? Domigo: You don't know what it is?o_O! Domigo: Shocking!
Alan: <file_photo> Alan: look what I just found :) Robert: dude, that's just nasty and you know it :)  Robert: it has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring Alan: yeah, I know - that's awesome :) Robert: you sir have a very strange tastes :P Alan: well, and I found a perfect company for it <file_photo> Robert: oh, that's more like it! Robert: but does the whiskey go well with the cinnamon? flavored whiskey is the worst...  Alan: Actually it does taste surprisingly well.
Kim: Hey Ben, I see you are online today. Ben: Hey Kim: You are offly quite this days did you know that? Ben: Nothing just having a downtime.
Louis: Gotta go, my mom's calling me Fabian: Ok, see ya Louis: See ya
Clint: I'm curious. How's the waste management working out over there? Ronnie: It actually works very well.
Hannah: Hey, do you have Betty's number? Amanda: Lemme check Hannah: <file_gif> Amanda: Sorry, can't find it. Amanda: Ask Larry Amanda: He called her last time we were at the park together Hannah: I don't know him well Hannah: <file_gif> Amanda: Don't be shy, he's very nice Hannah: If you say so.. Hannah: I'd rather you texted him Amanda: Just text him 🙂 Hannah: Urgh.. Alright Hannah: Bye Amanda: Bye bye
Leticia: would any of you have 10$ and could lend it? I'm really in need, I will gve it back as soon as possible Lora: sure Lora: is everything ok? Leticia: actually no... Leticia: I've lost my wallet, or someone stole it...i'm not sure but i always take care of my stuff so that's even more weird Miranda: shit...that's bad Miranda: if you need any help I'm also here Leticia: thank you girls, really Lora: you better call the bank and block your account Leticia: I've already done it Miranda: did you have like a lot of money in this wallet?
Elena: Happy birthday my dear! Dorothea: Oh thank you darling! <3 Elena: I wish you all the best and I hope all your dreams come trueee!
Bob: you bitch... why you called Sarah? Jill: because i want to.. who are you question me? Bob: try whatever you can bitch you cant get me back Jill: huh?
Caroline: I think his mother doesn't like me...;-( :-(  Kate: how come?? Caroline: I just see it in her eyes... Kate: any example? Caroline: I just feel it...  Caroline: hard to give any example.
Jose: merry christmas! Ricky: Merry Christmas! Amanda: Happy holidays!
Sean: Hey, I won't be able to take the car to the carwash Sean: They want me to finish report first :( Alice: shoot, but it's crazily dirty Alice: Will we have tomorrow? Sean: <file_gif> Sean: We can leave a bit earlier or get it washed somewhere on the road Alice: it might be  good idea, let's do it tomorrow then Sean: great!
Tom: Who's around? Jack: Your dick! Tom: Go fuck yourself Jack Robert: I'm not in town, sorry mate!
Shaldona: WE ARE GONNA GET MARRIED ❤️❤️ Shaldona: <file_others> Shaldona: This is our mobile inviation for our wedding. Shaldona: Invitation* Piper: Hey. You haven’t sent me any messages for a few years.
Anna: Mum, I have a awful stomachache. Joanna: Oh, dear, when did you get it? Anna: At night, and it won’t stop:-( Joanna: Is it something you ate?
Marco: hi there! is this yours? Marco: <file_photo> Marco: somebody left it at my place yesterday Sandra: ooops yes its mine Sandra: its Millas present, I bought it right before your party Sandra: can you bring it over?
Jason: What are you doing this weekend? If you're bored maybe we should do something, but we also MUST create the video! Dory: My friend is coming over the day after tomorrow Jason: Yay!
Kelvin: Excuse me Miss. When do we sit for our CAT 2? Naheeda: Can we have it during the statistics class?
Dan: Guys, so are we going out on Sat? Tim: I'm ready when you are Chris: I'm OK too, in the centre right? Tom: I'm out guys sorry.
Robert: Hi mate! Are you still at your office? If you are how about grabbing some coffee?
Fiona: I just can’t stand it Wanda: What again Fiona: When I’m in one room with him… I just go crazy Wanda: Conrad? Fiona: Yesss, he’s absolutely lovely!! Wanda: IT IS YOUR STUDENT Fiona: So what?
Jack: I'm 10 min late.. Jack: sorry Laura: no worries, I'll wait inside Jack: ok.
Gab: Ah that's better. Now we can message all we like. Kat: :-) Gab: So when can we meet up for a drink?
Julie: <file_photo> Emily: <3 Julie Love, i'm sending tons of kisses :* :* :* 🎄🎄🎄 Julie: Merry Christmas and a lovely mood throughout  the whole year, darling Emily: Thank you, for you too <3 Julie: Thanks :* <file_photo> <file_photo>
Joanna: They are sending emails about Lewandowska. Merve: What happened? Joanna: <file_photo>  Merve: Wooow!
Nathan: i want to buy myself a bike in spring Aubrey: that's great but where are you gonna keep it? Your apartment is so small Nathan: i was thinking of hanging it on the wall, there are some special hooks Aubrey: you can always keep it in the hallway Nathan: i don't want to, people who do that annoy me, it's hard to walk around with all these bikes striped to the handrails Aubrey: i agree... didn't think about that Nathan: yeah, well I also got a stationary bike so I can be in shape during winter :D Aubrey: really? I am so proud of you!!
Jenkin: hey what is your spirit animal? Sophie: what? Jenkin: go on?
Pet shop: Hi Breann&Dianne!👋 🐶😻 Here is a 10% coupon code (pawesome10) for new customers when you checkout! -> <link_other> Breann: oh thank you!!!! Pet shop: Breann, our pleasure!
Jane: Hey Martin: Whats up Maria: Hey Jane: Anyone going to Value Village? Jane: I am getting halloween costumes with my sister Jane: If anyone wants to join Connor: I got mine today so thanks Connor: At Value Village Jane: I am going with u ok? priv msg Jane: ok ok
Yaz: Hi babes, you off out Friday, I need to get my freak on! Tania: Why the hell not, college work is really doing my head in with the deadlines! Yaz: Seen Sophie lately, her and lover boy are looking well serious!
Ann: hello Katie, thank you so much for hosting Tim monday evening and for dropping him at the railway station next morning. Here is mobile number... .I 'll confirm you , but again and in advance: thanks a lot Katie: Hello Ann, i didn't realise but we spend a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau!!! Ann: it goes back so long... but it's possible Ann: It's true that i know Ben since school.
Derek McCarthy: Filip - are you around? Would you have an Android cable I could borrow for an hour? I'm almost out of charge and I have a power pack  but forgot my cable😭 Tommy: I am in Poland but can ring my wife and she will give you one Tommy: Do you want me to?
Tricia: The cake is still not ready. Zandra: Which cake? Tricia: For your daughter’s birthday, Tam ;) Zandra: Oh, of course, there are so many of them, I don’t even know what’s going on.
Brett: So what do u do there? Drive a tank all the time? John: Yes and no.
Martha: how do you feel about minimalism? Jake: I used to think it's total bullshit Jake: like, it's still about spending Jake: but it's about shifting the paradigm from buying cheap to buying expensive stuff Martha: if expensive lives longer, ofc Jake: right Martha: I'm asking because I just saw this documentary about minimalism gurus Martha: and I felt mixed about it Jake: I think it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer Jake: but it's so difficult to be mindful about everything you buy Martha: I feel there are so many conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping Martha: if you want to buy durable stuff you usually pick brands you know, big brands Martha: and then it might not be fair trade product Jake: take leather for example Jake: if it's ecological it's cruelty free but it has higher carbon footprint than leather Martha: huh Jake: so your values clash all the time when you shop Martha: :(
Charles: What are you up to this weekend? Camilla: Not much. Just some work and errands on Saturday, show Saturday night.
Zoey: Hello dear friends, here something to cheer you up on a cold day. Zoey: <file_gif> Thomas: LOL Thomas: Hi there in the tropics! How are you doing?
Oli: Theres a car accident  Katie: Where? Oli: On circle drive Oli: I tried to get to the Circle Mall  Katie: Oh no  Pavel: Its on the news now  Pavel: Theres no deaths  Katie: Thank god 👼
Peter: Did you hear what happened at school today? Jack: No? Peter: There’s been kind of an emergency, gas leak or something.
Tim: I'm running late Gary: when will you be here? Tim: About twenty past. You go in and just make some small talk, try and delay the main presentation Gary: I'm on it.
Marek: bro, check this out Marek: <file_picture> Adam: whoa, that's some fine piece of ass Adam: where did you find it? Marek: that's the best part Marek: I didn't find it Marek: I made it in she shopping mall, on the escalator! Adam: ?
Karen: I passed!!!!! Simon: Whooooooooooah!!!!! Tim: Congrats!!!
Michael: hey, how are you Kai: hey! I am fine, just working too much. what about you?
Jay: Bro. Have you heard that diamond is in Kenya? Joe: Yeah man.
Alyssa: Have you seen Fergie’s national anthem? Illuminati does a great job. Derek: This is not normal.
Sue: can you pick the car up after work tomorrow please James: yes and pay? Sue: yes I will transfer the money in  James: ok x
Adam: I have a juicy gossip for you guys ;) Borys: About whom? Adam: So apparently, Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation :D Katia: And she is pissed? Adam: What do you think?
Hugh: It's fine - when we arrive we'll quickly make the pizza and get started. Wanda: How much time is "quickly"? Hugh: We'll come, make the base and prepare everything earlier, then stick it in the oven Wanda: ok - guess that's one more item to scratch off the list.
Edward: I dont wanna go on that business trip tomorrow Lauren: I am stressed af Kate: I don't think its gonna be that bad Lauren: The boss is coming with us  Kate: Yea well  Kate: I am ok with him  Edward: You think its gonna be just a few meetings with clients 😶 Kate: Not only Kate: We're going to an expo  Kate: I hate the expo stuff Kate: We have to pretend to be nice Kate: But people coming to our booth actually have nothing to do with what we're doing  Lauren: True Edward: Expos are not as stressful as meetings tho  Kate: Ye well  Kate: We cant complain rn  Lauren: we have to go anyway  Lauren: 😑😑😑 Kate: See y'all there then
Debbie: Help, I don't know which dress to buy! <file_photo> or <file_photo>? Kelly: The red one!
Sara: Hey, are you free this Saturday? Sara: I thought mayble you would like to help with the event we're organizing? Victor: Unfortunately I'm busy this Saturday... Sara: Shame... Victor: Yeah, I know.
Rachel: <file_other> Rachel: Top 50 Best Films of 2018 Rachel: :) Janice: Omg, I've watched almost all 50... xDD Spencer: Hahah, Deadpool 2 also?? Janice: Yep Spencer: Really?? Janice: My bf forced me to watch it xD Rachel: Hahah Janice: It wasn't that bad Janice: I thought it'd be worse Rachel: And Avengers?
Quinn: How's it hanging boy? Kyle: Not bad, going out tonight? Quinn: Yeah, need to get out after fucking school is actually over for a bit.
Mark: what are we doing tonight? Daniel: It's supposed to rain so the river bank parties are not an option Mark: casino? Daniel: don't you have enough after the last time?
Kaya: We have been looking for you in Library Clay: I am the class room Kaya: Be right there
Natalie: Have you been to this new club at Regents Street? Judy: I'm going there this weekend! Judy: I heard it's nice  Denise: Yes!
Marty: Hiya, I have a favour to ask... can you pick up Marcel from school? Christine: Sure, you ok? Marty: Not really, I think I have sprained my ankle... Christine: Oh no, have you seen see a doctor?
Rachel: So what time we’re going to the museum?  Wai: I was thinking we could meet at 4 at the main entrance. Rachel: Sounds good to me, any plans after that?
Abigail: Why didn't you attend the part last night? :/ Ethan: I am currently in Los Angeles dat's why it was impossible for me Abigail: When did you leave for LA? :o  You didnt even tell me Ethan: Why did you wanted know about it ?
Jack: Can you buy butter? Thomas: Sure Jack: Thanks. When are you coming home?
David: Hi victor how are you? Victor: i am fine thanks, what about you? David: very well thanks, i heard you have taken over Chris's company?
Luke: Hey sis, send me the pic of the parrot you painted yesterday? Gina: <file_photo> Gina: If you want better quality I need to send you PDF file. Luke: It's ok.
Monica: How are you doing? Gaia: I'm fine, mum. Monica: All good at the university?
Josh: Stephen, I think you've accidentaly taken my notebook home Stephen: wait lemme check Stephen: nope, I don't see it anywhere Jack: oh shit, I've got it xDDD I don't even know why Josh: xDDD ok, no problem, cool I know where it is Jack: I'll bring it tomorow
Patricia: Hello, here's the fair-trade brand I've been talking about <file_other> Elle: Oh, thanks! Florence: Looks great! Patricia: I'm glad, I hope you enjoy it.
Kirsten: Youth group this Friday, don't be late. Alex: What time? Kirsten: 7 pm.
Baron: What's up. Baron: there is a match next week. Gabriel: Hey, our tutor wanted to join us Baron: Sign on the calendar Gavin: link please?
Mazie: Me and mah girls are having a drink tonight. Lee: Oh really? Where?
Bob: did you reserve the tickets for tomorrow? Melanie: Jake promised me he will do that Melanie: he has some workplace discount on them Bob: Jake are you here?? Did you reserve the tickets?
Louis: Hey, hows your day? :D Cheryl: Okaaay… I guess Louis: Aha, someone’s feeling a bit down, am I right? Cheryl: yea, sort of… Louis: Go on, tell me what happened Cheryl: I…just had an argument with my mom Louis: Jesus what again Cheryl: I forgot to close the window when I was leaving home!
James: hi girls! When are you flying to Japan? Mary: in a week!
Ella: did you send me mms? i can't open it for some reason :/ Caleb: yeah, I sent you a pic of Maya Caleb: she's playing a mouse in a school play and I wanted to show you her costume Caleb: she looks sooo adorable in it! :-) Ella: aww...:) can you send me this photo via email?
Aubrianna: My friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo Darien: It's dangerous for all people not just whites Aubrianna: So read about this
Samantha: How are you doing today? Robyn: better, but I really exaggerated with bier last night Samantha: was it really only bier? Robyn: sure, why?
Adam: 10 minutes and I'm going in Adam: Never been so afraid of any exam Dave: Everything's gonna be fine man. Dave: We all are nervous here but we believe in you and keep our fingers crossed. Adam: Wish me luck Dave: GOOD LUCK!
Alice: My dad is coming over for a month... Kim: What? Alice: He's going to decorate Jo's place... Alice: I'm going to go mad... Kim: :) Alice: Are we still on? Kim: When?
Hannah: Are you watching the game? James: No I am head to work : (  Hannah: Oh okay
Ola: Hey running late Ola: I should be free by 8 Kurt: Sure no prob, call me
Liam: will pick you up at 8 Liam: be ready Kane: cool man Liam: just don't get us late please
Dave: Hey, is Nicky still at your place? Her phone is off Sam: She just left Dave: Thanks!
Sophie: When r u going to Poanań? Murphy: On Tuesday. Sophie: And you're coming back the same day?
Christie: how are you after the party? Katie: really tired... and you? Christie: same Christie: the party was great!
Judah: Hello Archie: Hey Judah: So what time are you arriving from Southampton? Archie: Around midnight; I'll be travelling to yours by bus, so it might take an hour or so Judah: No worries. Call me on the phone if I happen to be dead by the time you get here Archie: Lol Will do!
Randolph: Honey Randolph: Are you still in the pharmacy? Maya: Yes Randolph: Buy me some earplugs please Maya: How many pairs? Randolph: 4 or 5 packs Maya: I'll get you 5 Randolph: Thanks darling
Jules: What does it mean? Jules: <file_gif> Derek: Sorry, I was never good at memes Jules: what a shame... Jules: by the way, do we have class tomorrow? Derek: surely, it's friday after all Jules: oops, someone misled me Derek: that's not nice
