James will pick the car up after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
Thomas will buy butter. Jack is making mushroom soup.
Victor took over Chris's company. Chris was under huge debt. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris can own the company anytime he wants. David's business is doing well.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Hugh and Wanda are going to make a pizza.
Gaia has 6 exams this term. Only one of them is hard.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Stephen took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it to Stephen tomorrow.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly recommends the red one, but Denise recommends the green one.
Patricia sends Elle a fair-trade brand.
Sara is organizing an event this Saturday. Victor is busy, so he can't help.
Janice has watched almost all 50 best films of 2018. She watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn has GCSES. Quinn's parents don't want him to stay at school. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6.
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Daniel's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Clay will meet Kaya in the class room.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. After that, they will go to a bar.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Nicky just left Dave's place. Her phone is off.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday in the afternoon.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party.
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of Mazie's friends.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah by bus. Judah will call him on the phone if he's dead.
Jake reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount on them.
Maya will buy 5 earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She got angry, started screaming and she was kicked out. She doesn't have to move until the end of the year.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Robyn drank too much last night. She is feeling better today.
Adam is going in for an exam in 10 minutes.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
James is not watching the game. He is going to work.
Ola should be free by 8. Kurt will call him.
Liam will pick Kane and himself up at 8.
Hannah can't find Betty's number. Amanda suggests asking Larry.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5pm. Gabriel will be around at 3 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old pals.
Fiona is in love with Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her.
Leticia lost her wallet. She will get it back as soon as possible.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She will meet Tom and they will eat something in the town.
Kat doesn't want to meet Gab in real life.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend and sent her their pictures.
Julie and Emily wish each other a Merry Christmas.
Caroline's first boyfriend is 26. He lives at home with his mother and gramma. He's an introvert.
Lewandowska has measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Jose, Amanda and Ricky wish each other Merry Christmas and a happy new year.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash, because he has to finish his report first. Alice and Sean will go there tomorrow.
Robert is not in town, so Tom can't talk to Jack.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper an invitation through Messenger.
Anna has a stomachache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast.
Sandra left Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Dan, Chris, Tom and Martin are going to a party on Saturday at 8.
Tim is running late. He will be there about twenty past. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. He does 25 kilometers everyday. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Marek sent Adam a picture of an ass he found on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Jenkin will bring Sophie a pack of animal spirits tomorrow.
Karen passed the test. She will be the new designated driver.
There is a 10% coupon code for new customers when they checkout. The most popular colors are Red and Gray.
Michael is in Boston next weekend because he found a cheap ticket. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile for 2 weeks. Michael is tired of his job and wants to leave. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his today.
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8.
Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him to the diamond is in Kenya concert.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him at the railway station the next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's son, Ben, lived in Reims before.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks it's funny.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is not ready yet. Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. The food will be organized by a company.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. They were playing together for some time.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. They had a walk around the summit of Belchen on Sunday.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Ken is depressed today. He had a bad day yesterday.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and educated in Loughborouogh. He lives in London now.
Alan found a product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring.
Stu is in trouble because Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD. Priscilla bought the software online.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled. He will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight.
Anna has an app where she can add clothes to her wardrobe. Peter doesn't get it.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. There's no more single use plastic bags in grocery stores. No more straws in restaurants.
Ken wants his money back from Greg. Ken is a prankster.
Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with his friends. Mckinley uses Facebook mostly to keep in contact with people.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma.
Someone locked the door from outside. Max will ask his roommates to open it for him.
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's phone number. Everett introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Zoe sends Frank a video. Frank loves it.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Rita needs some info on Helen's client Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal.
Stefano and Josie are discussing Eco's novels. Stefano likes The Name of the Rose and Foucault's Pendulum. Josie read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum in the 80s.
Keira's sister is grounded for the month.
