Cyprien is from Loughborouogh, London. He was educated in Loughborouogh. He came from his mother's vagina.
Priscilla needs the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Stu is not impressed with the software.
Adam has just finished packing for his flight. He will be at the airport one hour later. Hannah will prepare something for dinner for Adam.
Anna and Peter are playing a game on how many clothes Peter has to wear.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Kamden is not a great fan of social media. He uses chat to keep up with good friends. Mckinley doesn't like to take selfies.
Gloria is too poor to afford her therapy. Amanita advises her to cook more.
Someone locked the door from outside and Ray is out. Max is out.
Ralph asked Everett for his phone number. Everett gave Ralph's friend Ralph's number.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Son is not sure if he will come home this weekend. His mother misses him. Frank will tell her that he will come.
Rita needs some info on Helen's client Salvage Industries.
Stefano recommends Josie Foucault's Pendulum to read. Josie read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum.
Keira saw Lois's sister in town the other day. She's worried she might get into trouble.
Ken is feeling overwhelmed and burned out.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is. Domigo suggests Euodia to try it.
Alan found a company that has no sugar, no taste and no cinnamon flavoring. Robert and Rob are not impressed.
Ben is online today. He thinks an internet place is looking for programmers. Kim will give him a call.
Louis is going to go because his mom is calling him.
Ronnie is surprised by the lack of awareness about plastic bags in the city. Clint doubts that this kind of awareness will happen in the state.
Amanda can't find Betty's number. She called her last time they were at the park together. Hannah would rather Amanda texted Larry.
Leticia has lost her wallet and she needs help. She will call the bank and block her account.
Dorothea has birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town.
Bob is angry at Jill for calling Sarah's girlfriend and sending her their pictures. Jill is glad Bob left her.
Caroline's boyfriend is a nerd and he lives at home with his mummy and gramma. He's 26 and has a big house and he's an introvert.
Jose and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. Jose is excited to go to Cuba and Amanda is excited to go to Thailand.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash tomorrow. Sean and Alice will leave earlier and get it washed somewhere on the road.
Robert is not in town.
Shaldona sends Piper an invitation to her wedding.
Anna has a stomachache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. She doesn't know what it is. She will see a doctor in ten minutes.
Someone left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Sandra will bring it over to Marco.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. They have to create a video. Jason has bought an app and a script. Lucy has a script.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Tom are going to a party on Saturday at 8. They need to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel will be there at 3 pm. Robert quit the office a month ago. Robert wants to catch Gabriel somewhere. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Fiona is in love with Conrad. Fiona is 5 years younger than him. Fiona is in love with Conrad. Fiona will tell her boss.
Jack is 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment and she doesn't meet strange men from the internet. Gab wants to meet Kat in real life. Kat went to the cinema.
Julie sends Emily a message of Merry Christmas.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. She has contact with her within the last couple of days. Joanna will try to do the vaccinations before work on 18th.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall. He does 25 km everyday and his goal for the summer is 100 km.
Sophie doesn't know what a fox is. Jenkin is a dolphin. Jenkin will bring Sophie the fox and dolphin.
Breann and Dianne are happy to give Dianne a 10% discount on the new customers.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister on Halloween. Connor got his today.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8 to get their freak on.
Katie is hosting Tim on Monday evening and dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will send Ann her son a text to tell him where she wants to pick him up.
Tommy is in Poland and needs an Android cable to power his power pack. Tommy will call his wife Paulina to borrow one.
Tricia is going to send Erwin to deliver the cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday tomorrow. Tricia has all decorations, starting with them in the morning after kids go to grandma.
John and Andrew discuss the game which allows players to drive a tank all the time. John's cousin met his wife there.
Jake thinks minimalism is a good idea but Martha thinks it's about spending. Martha and Jake have different priorities when it comes to shopping.
Charles is going to visit the German markets this weekend. He will go for sausage and beer. Camilla will try mulled wine.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. The temps fall to -3 at night and there is a white ground frost in the morning. Thomas took a walk around the summit of Belchen.
There was a car accident at Circle Mall. There were no deaths.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came to help.
Tim is running late. Gary will come to the main presentation about twenty past.
Marek found a photo of a gay woman on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Karen passed.
Michael is on a 2-week trip to Brazil and Chile. He's in Boston next weekend. Michael is very tired of travelling and would like to leave London. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him at the concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have any cash to buy tickets. Jay will lend Joe the money later.
Fergie's national anthem is funny. Derek and Alyssa think it's funny.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay Sue the money.
Adam is gossiping about Iga who had to cancel her weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk her group into changing the date of the presentation.
Hugh will make the base and prepare the pizza before Wanda arrives.
Edward and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Debbie is looking for a red dress. Denise suggests she buys the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Victor is busy this Saturday and will not help Sara with the event.
Rachel has sent Janice the list of the 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched all 50 and her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and she has to retake her exams. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs.
Mark and Daniel are going to a river bank party tonight. It's supposed to rain so they are going to the casino. Mark will get some predrinks at Daniel's place. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Clay is the class room in Library. Kaya will be there soon.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with her. Judy is going on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school tomorrow morning. Marty thinks he has sprained his ankle. Christine will take the kids to the doctor. Marty and Christine will have pizza night tomorrow. Christine will take Marcel to the doctor.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4. They will go to some bar. Rachel is worried they won't like her.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back after 3 or 2 days.
Jack will buy butter and cook a mushroom soup for Thomas.
Victor sold off the office of his company to Chris. Chris is still working as Director. Victor is happy with the results. David is expecting the market to get better by the end of the year.
Luke sends Gina a PDF file of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Gaia has 6 exams this term.
Stephen has taken Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia sends Elle a file with a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Kirsten is going bowling with Alex this Friday at 7 pm.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week. Baron sends a link to the group.
Mazie and Lee are having a drink tonight. Lee is not going to join them. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow for 7 pm and got a 30% discount on them.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She was kicked out. Louis is sorry.
Patricia and James are flying to Japan in a week. Patricia is very scared of earthquakes and tsunamis. James is not worried about the next tsunami.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died of malaria in kongo. Darien says it's dangerous for all people.
Robyn exaggerated her last night's alcohol intake. She didn't take drugs.
Adam is going to take the exam.
Alice's dad is coming for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim's mum is here. Alice has her yoga class at 6:30 and she will be back home after 8.
James is going to work.
Ola should be free by 8. Kurt will call Ola.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Nicky has just left Dave's place.
Murphy is going to Poana\xc5\x84 on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling by bus. Judah will call Archie on the phone if he is dead by the time he gets there.
Randolph will buy Maya 5 earplugs from the pharmacy.
Jules is not happy with the fact that she has a class tomorrow.
