Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh. Adelina asks him where he comes from.
Priscilla told Stu to get the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Stu used his IT friend Alex to download Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD. Priscilla bought the software online.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. Hannah will remind Dad to wait for him at the airport. Adam will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Anna recommends a clothes app to Peter. Peter has 3 or 4 shirts, 5 or 6 pairs of trousers and 2 jackets. Anna wants to play a game with him.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mck inley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma.
Someone locked the door from outside. Ray needs Max to let him out. Max will ask his roommates to do it.
Amy will give Everett her phone number to Ralph. Everett introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Frank wishes Zoe a good day.
Son will try to come home this weekend. His mother and father miss him.
Helen will double check if Rita's client Salvage Industries is legit.
Josie doesn't like Eco's Pendulum. Stefano thinks it's weird. Salman Rushdie hated Pendulum and said that it's not a novel, but rather a computer game.
Keira is angry at her sister because she grounded her for a month. Lois is thinking of deleting her.
Ken is depressed. He had a bad day yesterday.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Alan has found a perfect company for his new whiskey. Robert doesn't like it.
Ben is looking for programmers. He and Kim are going to have pizza with coke tonight. Ben will give Kim a rain check.
Louis and Fabian are going to see each other. Louis's mom is calling him.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins to sort through waste. The general awareness about plastic bags is high. Ronnie and Clint don't think there will be any change at the state government level.
Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Amanda advises her to ask Larry, who called her last time they were at the park.
Livicia lost her wallet. Miranda and Lora lend her money. Leticia will call the bank and block her account. She will have to get new documents and she has no time for that.
Dorothea is going to celebrate her birthday with Tom and they are going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best. They will see each other on Saturday.
Jill called her girlfriend Sarah and told her she cannot snatch Bob from her.
Kate's first boyfriend is 26 and his mother doesn't like her. He used to spend all the time at home with his mother and gramma. He is an introvert.
Jose Ricky, Ricky and Amanda are going to Cuba, Mexico, Thailand and Thailand in 2019.
Alice and Sean will go to the carwash tomorrow. Sean needs to finish his report first.
Robert is not in town.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent her wedding invitation through messenger. She didn't have enough time to meet everybody and give the invitation in person.
Anna has a stomachache. Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves. Anna will see a doctor in 10 minutes.
Sandra left Milla's present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco wants her to bring it over.
Jason and Dory are working on the movie. Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. Jason bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Kelvin and Naheeda are going to have their CAT 2 during the statistics class. Kelvin will talk with the other class members and will tell Naheede the decision.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is out. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Robert wants to meet Gabriel for a coffee. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Robert came to visit his old friends.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. Conrad is 5 years younger than her.
Laura will wait inside for Jack, who is 10 minutes late.
Gab wants to meet up for a drink with Kat. Kat is busy at the moment, so she's not sure when they can meet. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Emily wishes Julie a merry Christmas.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall. He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Jenkin is a dolphin. Sophie is a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Breann and Dianne are getting a 10% discount on red and gray cheetah print for new customers.
Connor got his Halloween costume at Value Village today. Jane is going there with her sister.
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8 o'clock. Tania and Sophie are thinking of breaking up before Uni. Yaz needs high grades for her course to get into Exeter.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's cousin, Erik's wife, is the cousin of Kate's best friend. Kate will send a text to Ann's son to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Derek McCarthy wants to borrow an Android cable from Tommy. Tommy is in Poland. Tommy's wife will give him the cable at 8:15 pm.
Zandra's daughter, Tam, has a birthday tomorrow. Tricia will send Erwin to get the cake by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Brett's cousin met his wife in WoW. Andrew's favourite genre is RPGs. John's favourite one is the Final Fantasy series.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus. She feels mixed about it.
Camilla and Charles are going to visit the German markets this weekend. They will have a day of nothingness on Saturday and a hangover on Sunday.
Thomas and Zoey are in the tropics. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
There was a car accident on circle drive. There were no deaths.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came. It turned out to be a drill.
Tim will be here about 20 past. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his girlfriend's ass on the escalator in the shopping mall. Adam doesn't like it.
Karen passed.
Michael is tired of work. He wants to leave London and look for a new job in the Netherlands. He's thinking of resigning earlier than he was planning. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jay will lend Joe money to buy tickets for the diamond in Kenya. He convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Derek and Alyssa like Fergie's national anthem.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay. Sue will transfer the money in.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Wanda wants to know how much time it takes to prepare the pizza. Hugh will come, make the base and prepare everything earlier, then stick it in the oven.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Victor can't help Sara with the event they are organizing this Saturday.
Rachel sent Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice watched almost all 50 of them. She watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs. Kyle heard Kirsty was with Nathan Baker these days. Kyle and Quinn will meet outside the club at 6.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark are going to have drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Kaya is looking for Clay in the library. Clay is the class room.
Natalie, Denise and Judy are going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend. Judy is going on Friday with Miranda and Helen.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school at 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. If anyone wants to join them, they will go to some bar. Rachel is worried she won't like the people she will meet. Wai assures her they always welcome new people to their team.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. Abigail is angry because he didn't tell her about it. Ethan will be back after 3 or 2 days.
Thomas will buy butter for Jack's mushroom soup.
Victor took over Chris's company. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. David was worried about Chris. David's business is going well.
Luke likes the parrot that Gina painted yesterday. Gina needs to send him a PDF file to get better quality.
Gaia is doing fine at the university. She has 6 exams this term, but only one is hard.
Josh thinks Stephen took his notebook home. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia sends Elle a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to add people from their group to the match next week.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of her friends. Lee saw Sheryl spill a drink on her on a bad day.
Jake reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount on them.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She got angry and started screaming. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are scared of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James is convinced that nothing will happen.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Robyn drank too much beer last night. She feels better today.
Adam is going to take an exam in 10 minutes.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month. He's going to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
James is not watching the game. He is going to work.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Nicky is at Sam's place. Her phone is off.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He's coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah by bus.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow.
