Cyprien: IN another sense I come from the atoms in the air that I breath or the food I eat, which comes to me from many places, so all I can say is "I come from Planet Earth". Cyprien: Well I was born in Jarrow, live in London now, so you could say I came from either of those places Cyprien: I was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense I came from there. Adelina: OK.  Cyprien: In another sense I come from my mother's vagina, but I dare say everyone can say that.
Priscilla: That's what he did, maybe you should have checked Stu: Damn Priscilla: Yeah, damn Stu: I'll tell him Priscilla: No way, I just bought the software online Stu: Oh Priscilla: If I ever tell you to make your friend Alex get me something, please shoot me in the foot Stu: Ok... damn :( That's what I gave you on that disc Priscilla: No, you silly boy, your IT friend is and idiot Stu: What did Alex do wrong? Priscilla: He just downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD Stu: Whaaaaatttt?
Adam: I'll be there in less than 24 hours :) Adam: I'm sure you can wait Hannah: It's been half a year since your last visit, so don't be surprised! Adam: nah, I'm fine with anything you'll prepare Adam: especially if you compare it to what I'm eating on a daily basis :) Hannah: Alright. Adam: yes, just finished packing Adam: can you remind Dad that the plane was rescheduled and will arrive one hour later?
Every morning I approach my wardrobe, open it, choose the clothes I want to wear or prepare them the previous day and that's it. U choose ur sex and then add photos of clothes :) Peter: Is there a minimum number of clothes I should add? Peter: So if I only add 3 items, I will always get the same results?
Ken: No, I'm the prankster, just having a laugh at your expense Greg: Well, fuck you too then XD Ken: Fuck you man, I want my money back Greg: Was your account hacked by some prankster? Ken: Fuck you, you pimp Greg: What?
I'm not big on social media use Mckinley: Hmm... Kamden: It helps me keep up with good friends Mckinley: But you always can open it and check my photos lol Mckinley: Yeah I use fb mostly to keep contact with people Kamden: It's true. But I spend zero time therecc Mckinley: Lol I'm not a phone selfie person Kamden: Thats a shame. Kamden: I haven't seen you in a while - i've mostly been off social media.
Amanita: but I thought your salary is pretty decent Gloria: yeah but bear in mind that my therapy is expensive Amanita: maybe you need to cook more Gloria: I cook Gloria: I made sushi and tiger prawn korma Amanita: those are expensive meals Amanita: pancakes are super cheap Amanita: soups, too Gloria: maybe I should plan my meals better Gloria: thanks for the tip Gloria: <file_photo> Gloria: I'm too poor for my lifestyle Amanita: we all are, sweetie Gloria: it's so frustrating!
Max: no whats up Ray: someone locked the door from outside -_- Max: wtf xD Ray: yeah dude cmon u gotta let me out Max: but im out Ray: are u kidding me Max: sorry man XD Ray: dude i have to pee Max: HAHAHAHHAHAHA XD Ray: thats not funny >.< Max: it actually is xD Ray: can u ask someone else to do it Max: yea let me see if my roommates there Ray: HURRY Max: hes coming Ray: tell him to HURRYYY Max: hes on his way  Ray: he opened it, thanks Max: enjoy XD Ray: u in ur room?
Everett: my friend, i introduced him to you at the pub last week, tall, brown hair, weird laugh... Amy: oh i remember him now, is he a psycho? Everett: Ralph asked me if i could give him your phone number, is that cool? Everett: no Amy: ok, he can have my number
Zoe: :-* Frank: Have a good day, babe :-* Zoe: <file_video> Frank: Love you!
Frank: Good, I will tell your mother that you will come Son: oh, dad.. ok I will come. Frank: Son, will you come home this weekend? Son: I miss her too.
Can you double check if they have no PR problems? Rita: I need some info on you client. Helen: They are into waste disposal.
I should try and read one of his novels in the original, but I'm not sure my level of Italian is adequate. Stefano: The Name of the Rose is really difficult for a foreign speaker of Italian, you know. Josie: He hated it and said that it's not a novel, but rather a computer game.
Lois: yeah, i couldn't get onto my aacount for some bizar reason Lois: but I'm thinking of deleting both - i mean, I created it when I was 10! Keira: How come it started with wildangel3 then went to 1 wouldn't it make more sense to go from 1 to 2 and then 3? Keira: I figured ^^ Lois: Mean Keira: <file_gif> Lois: yeah yeah Lois: btw, I saw your sister in town the other day Keira: WHAT?!
Ken: Really bad day yesterday carrying over to today. Ken: Sorry, don't mean to bring you down. Ken: Hey, how are you doing today?
o_O Euodia: I have no idea but my friends were talking about that 😶😶😶 Euodia: And I felt a bit ashamed of not knowing what they all knoe about Euodia: *Know Domigo: That is hit application recently( ^^) Domigo: You can take some videos for yourself and edit it with music and special effects as you wish( ^.^)( ^_^) Domigo: And share it on YouTube or just with your friends Euodia: Why do they do that?😕😕 Domigo: Cause it is new and interesting! (^0_0^) Euodia: Omg I don't understand why I feel so old(;_:)(;_:) Domigo: Come on people want something new all the time😁😁 Domigo: I also think tiktok will become less and less popular at some point but it's fun for now 😆😆 Domigo: Try it(^0_0^) Domigo: You don't know what it is?o_O!
Alan: <file_photo> Alan: look what I just found :) Robert: dude, that's just nasty and you know it :)  Robert: it has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring Alan: yeah, I know - that's awesome :) Robert: you sir have a very strange tastes :P Alan: well, and I found a perfect company for it <file_photo> Robert: oh, that's more like it! If you put enough whiskey that is :) Rob: Lol, thought so :) Rob: I just wish the brought the old cherry flavor back... flavored whiskey is the worst...  Alan: Actually it does taste surprisingly well.
Ben: Oh no no we have got do that again for sure, do you mind if I get a rain check? Ben: I think an internet place is look for programmers, Am I reading this right?? Ben: Hey Kim: You are offly quite this days did you know that?
Louis: Gotta go, my mom's calling me Fabian: Ok, see ya Louis: See ya
But at the state government level I don't think there is that awareness either. Clint: Yeah, I read yours was one of the cities that banned them. If there were such decisions made they would follow Ronnie: That is true.
Amanda: Ask Larry Amanda: He called her last time we were at the park together Hannah: I don't know him well Hannah: <file_gif> Amanda: Don't be shy, he's very nice Hannah: If you say so.. Hannah: I'd rather you texted him Amanda: Just text him 🙂 Hannah: Urgh.. Alright Hannah: Bye Amanda: Bye bye Amanda: Lemme check Hannah: <file_gif> Amanda: Sorry, can't find it. Hannah: Hey, do you have Betty's number?
Leticia: actually no... Leticia: I've lost my wallet, or someone stole it...i'm not sure but i always take care of my stuff so that's even more weird Miranda: shit...that's bad Miranda: if you need any help I'm also here Leticia: thank you girls, really Lora: you better call the bank and block your account Leticia: I've already done it Miranda: did you have like a lot of money in this wallet? Leticia: fortunately not...you know i hate dealing with cash Lora: at least that... Leticia: yeah...but i'm afraid i'll have to get new documents and i have no time for that ://///////// Miranda: don't worry, maybe there will be some good person who posts it on lost/found Leticia: I hope so I'm really in need, I will gve it back as soon as possible Lora: sure Lora: is everything ok?
Dorothea: Yes, I'm gonna meet Tom and we're going to eat something in the town :) Elena: Cool! <3 Elena: I wish you all the best and I hope all your dreams come trueee! And see you on your party on Saturday!
excuse me i dont want you back so just fuck off Bob: really then why your calling my girlfriend and sending her our pictures.. Jill: its just that i hate you and i dont want you to be happy :haha: Bob: really bitch ? its fun to hurt her  Bob: i cant believe i was living with a bitch like you Jill: oh yes and you would have lived if i wouldnt have kicked you out Bob: What? Jill: whatever.. i am glad i could make you angry and hurt you Bob: ok thank you dear :) Jill: thank you?
Caroline: he used to spend all the time at home.. Kate: so he lives at home with mummy?? Caroline: he's an introvert... Caroline: it's a big house.. Kate: but has he ever lived somewhere else? Caroline: nope... Kate: he's really weird.. Caroline: he's just a nerd, but v.intelligent!
Ricky: I'm excited to go to Cuba Jose: I'm more than happy to be your guide Amanda: 2019 will bring us lots of traveling Jose: Cuba, Mexico, Thailand! Jose: I can't wait for the summer to come Amanda: Me too!! Amanda: And a happy new year Ricky: 2019 will be awesome!!
Sean: Hey, I won't be able to take the car to the carwash Sean: They want me to finish report first :( Alice: shoot, but it's crazily dirty Alice: Will we have tomorrow? Sean: <file_gif> Sean: We can leave a bit earlier or get it washed somewhere on the road Alice: it might be  good idea, let's do it tomorrow then Sean: great!
Tom: Go fuck yourself Jack Robert: I'm not in town, sorry mate! Tom: Who's around? Jack: Your dick!
Piper: If you don't have time to give the invitation card in person but expect people go to your wedding Piper: Shaldona, if so, you are too greedy. Shaldona: WE ARE GONNA GET MARRIED ❤️❤️ Shaldona: <file_others> Shaldona: This is our mobile inviation for our wedding. Shaldona: ..... Shaldona: Well.. Shaldona: I had no enough time to meet everybody and give this in person.
Joanna: Yeah, I think so... Anna: I’ll get you a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves. Anna: At night, and it won’t stop:-( Joanna: Is it something you ate? Joanna: Please do, I’m in my room... Anna: Will be in ten minutes:-)
Marco: <file_photo> Marco: somebody left it at my place yesterday Sandra: ooops yes its mine Sandra: its Millas present, I bought it right before your party Sandra: can you bring it over? Marco: hi there! is this yours?
Jason: I purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script. Jason: We've had 2 months and now we're down to 2 weekends... Dory: Have you started? If you're bored maybe we should do something, but we also MUST create the video!
Wait I will talk with the other class members then I'll tell you their decision Naheeda: Okay then don't take too long. Kelvin: I don't think so because we will be having the statistics CAT. Naheeda: Okay it is up to you guys to choose the time then.
8 if we're lucky Dan: yeah, i need to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon Chris: so you takin it easy this time Martin: i guess i'd have to as well Tim: guys you sound like 60 yos Chris: Tim, are the last two standing or what? party at in-laws Chris: always the same story right Martin: right guys, so what time? Tim: I'm ready when you are Chris: I'm OK too, in the centre right?
I'm meeting Darek at 5pm, but I will be around at 3pm already :) Gabriel: Hi Robert! I'm at home, looking into what I'm doing next...Well I hope you will enjoy your meeting I thought I could catch you somewhere, but maybe next time then ;).
I mean sure, I know it’s… inappropriate xd but still, he’s only 5 years younger than me Wanda: It’s so fucked up, I knew you are crazy before but it’s too much Fiona: I knoooow when I come back home after the class I can’t do anything for like an hour or two, I just listen to the music Wanda: You’re literally in love with him Fiona: I mean I don’t expect anything, we’re from different worlds but… Yes, I just want to be around him. Fiona: I just can’t stand it Wanda: What again Fiona: When I’m in one room with him… I just go crazy Wanda: Conrad? Fiona: How can I know what will he do, he can tell his mother as well Wanda: Just go for it!
Jack: I'm 10 min late.. Jack: sorry Laura: no worries, I'll wait inside Jack: ok.
Gab: But it would be so much nicer to do this cuddled up right next to you... Kat: I think this was a mistake. Kat: :-) Gab: So when can we meet up for a drink? Kat: Fairly busy at the moment so I'm not sure when.
Julie: <file_photo> Emily: <3 Julie Love, i'm sending tons of kisses :* :* :* 🎄🎄🎄 Julie: Merry Christmas and a lovely mood throughout  the whole year, darling Emily: Thank you, for you too <3 Julie: Thanks :* <file_photo> <file_photo>
Merve: Luckily I didn't see her since the last semester... Joanna: I did, she is my thesis mentor :( Merve: What will you do? Joanna: I will try to do it before work on 18th, hopefully I won't lose the entire day... Joanna: I know... And I just started working so I really don't have a lot of time.
Your apartment is so small Nathan: i was thinking of hanging it on the wall, there are some special hooks Aubrey: you can always keep it in the hallway Nathan: i don't want to, people who do that annoy me, it's hard to walk around with all these bikes striped to the handrails Aubrey: i agree... didn't think about that Nathan: yeah, well I also got a stationary bike so I can be in shape during winter :D Aubrey: really? Nathan: i want to buy myself a bike in spring Aubrey: that's great but where are you gonna keep it? Nathan: ye, I do like 25 kilometers everyday Aubrey: that's a lot!
Sophie: I dont know a fox lol Jenkin: are you wiley?🦊 Sophie: sometimes Jenkin: I am a dolphin🐬 Sophie: I think you are a bit mad like the mad hatter🐰🎩 Jenkin: I have been reading about animal spirits its quite good Sophie: you will have to tell me about the fox.. do you decide what your animal is or does someone tell you? Jenkin: There is a pack of cards and you choose the one that you are drawn to  Sophie: oh right I would choose the Fox Jenkin: well I didn't know but I was drawn to the dolphin Sophie: oh Jenkin: I will bring them over tomorrow Sophie: oh yes please that will be great 🦊🦊 Jenkin: hey what is your spirit animal?
Pet shop: Hi Breann&Dianne!👋 🐶😻 Here is a 10% coupon code (pawesome10) for new customers when you checkout! Pet shop: Red and Gray our the most popular!! 😔 Pet shop: Breann, Do you mean cheetah print?
Jane: I am getting halloween costumes with my sister Jane: If anyone wants to join Connor: I got mine today so thanks Connor: At Value Village Jane: I am going with u ok? Jane: Hey Martin: Whats up Maria: Hey Jane: Anyone going to Value Village? priv msg Jane: ok ok
Yaz: Christ, that came around quick, just the little matter of A Levels and getting into Exeter to deal with. Tania: Yeah, saw her in the canteen a couple of days ago, she's thinking of breaking up before Uni. I can't wait to get out of here and up to Manchester, only 4 months and a bit, now!
Here is mobile number... .I 'll confirm you , but again and in advance: thanks a lot Katie: Hello Ann, i didn't realise but we spend a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau!!! of course he's my cousin, and Ann his wife is the cousin of one of my best friend... Small word Katie: indeed Ann: Hi Katie, is it still ok for hosting my son tomorrow? Katie: as far as i'm concern i remember very well this week end as i had a very good friends call Ann Cairns ( like you)😜, Erik's wife Ann: Erik's wife?
Otherwise I'm sitting here in the dark for an hour <emoticon_smile> Tommy: Put it in gps and start driving Derek McCarthy: <emoticon_thumbup> Tommy: She might be at work for next 15 min but will help you for sure Derek McCarthy: Thanks a lot mate Tommy: Sent her msg. I'm almost out of charge and I have a power pack  but forgot my cable😭 Tommy: I am in Poland but can ring my wife and she will give you one Tommy: Do you want me to? Approx time when she will be at home is 8:15 pm Derek McCarthy: Thanks again!!
I have all decorations, starting with them in the morning after kids go to grandma Zandra: I know nothing about the food and outside attractions Tricia: Food I’m taking care of, outside thing will be done by a company, they come and organize everything, don’t worry Zandra: You’re the best, I have to make for it <3 Tricia: Nooo, no way, it’s nothing. Tricia: I’ll send Erwin to get it, he’ll deliver it to us by bike ;D Zandra: Bike… God save us all… Tricia: He’s a good driver and has a special bag, it will be ok, I promise :* Zandra: Ok, how about the rest? Tricia: Sure thing, you need a hand ;] Zandra: Thank you so much, what would I do without you… Zandra: But what about the cake, the party is tomorrow!
Brett: Most fights are about who gets 2 play at a given moment ;)  John: Lol Andrew: Well my favourite genre is RPGs :) John: Can u name a title, except WoW? Andrew: Imagine having a character u rly like and u give it a lot of ur attention and get experience point, level up and so on. Andrew: I can name a dozen, but one of my personal faves is the Final Fantasy series :) Brett: What's this one about?
Jake: I used to think it's total bullshit Jake: like, it's still about spending Jake: but it's about shifting the paradigm from buying cheap to buying expensive stuff Martha: if expensive lives longer, ofc Jake: right Martha: I'm asking because I just saw this documentary about minimalism gurus Martha: and I felt mixed about it Jake: I think it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer Jake: but it's so difficult to be mindful about everything you buy Martha: I feel there are so many conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping Martha: if you want to buy durable stuff you usually pick brands you know, big brands Martha: and then it might not be fair trade product Jake: take leather for example Jake: if it's ecological it's cruelty free but it has higher carbon footprint than leather Martha: huh Jake: so your values clash all the time when you shop Martha: :( Martha: how do you feel about minimalism?
Charles: Allegedly there are Christmas things going on but I just go for the sausage and beer! Charles: Inspired us to make our own at Christmas last year, but nobody else drank it. Just some work and errands on Saturday, show Saturday night.
But we're happy to give these views a miss for a while :) Thomas: On Sunday we had a walk around the summit of Belchen - in icy wind but by brilliant sunshine. Zoey: Hello dear friends, here something to cheer you up on a cold day. Everything here is ok. At night the temps fall to -3.
Oli: On circle drive Oli: I tried to get to the Circle Mall  Katie: Oh no  Pavel: Its on the news now  Pavel: Theres no deaths  Katie: Thank god 👼 Oli: Theres a car accident  Katie: Where?
Peter: There’s been kind of an emergency, gas leak or something. Peter: Did you hear what happened at school today? Jack: It’s better this way than the other.
You go in and just make some small talk, try and delay the main presentation Gary: I'm on it. Tim: I'm running late Gary: when will you be here? Tim: About twenty past.
Marek: pretty cool, isn't it Adam: dude, that's creppy Adam: one thing is to send me pic of nice ass, it's always appreciated Adam: but another is to walk around and take pictures on your own Adam: like some creep Adam: think about it, she might have been someone's sister or daughter Marek: dude Marek: this is some guy's ass Marek: I'm a gay, remember? Marek: bro, check this out Marek: <file_picture> Adam: whoa, that's some fine piece of ass Adam: where did you find it? Marek: that's the best part Marek: I didn't find it Marek: I made it in she shopping mall, on the escalator!
Patty: Guess we have a new designated driver :D Karen: I passed!!!!! Simon: Whooooooooooah!!!!!
Kai: yes, I basically never rest these days Michael: that’s not good, you need rest to avoid a burnout, which I had just before I went on holiday Kai: Probably, I have a conference 8th of Dec, then I'll rest a bit, I hope. Michael: I don’t have an answer to that one yet, and it’s not really a solution because I’d need to work 2 months notice period anyway, but I’ve just lost motivation after 3 years Kai: Would you like to leave London? I’m more scared to stay in London and do nothing, because I’m so bored of it Kai: I see, a man full of energy :) Michael: well sort of, for fun stuff, but tired of work.
Jay: I can't be hooking up you with new girls every time we have a concert.😂 Joe: 😂😂 cut the crap Joe: Just wait next time. Joe: What Jay: I have convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany us Joe: Really? Jay: Do i look like i am joking😏😏 Joe: It's game on bro!!!!!!
Derek: I can fart bright stripes and bright stars better then she sings. I saw it last week… Alyssa: What do you think about it? Alyssa: The best part is that she acts like she nailed it.
Sue: can you pick the car up after work tomorrow please James: yes and pay? Sue: yes I will transfer the money in  James: ok x
Adam: So apparently, Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation :D Katia: And she is pissed? That is why they aren't sitting together since Monday ;) Katia: Who would have expected such a gossip girl from you :D Adam: I have a juicy gossip for you guys ;) Borys: About whom?
Hugh: We'll come, make the base and prepare everything earlier, then stick it in the oven Wanda: ok - guess that's one more item to scratch off the list. Hugh: It's fine - when we arrive we'll quickly make the pizza and get started. Wanda: How much time is "quickly"?
Edward: I dont wanna go on that business trip tomorrow Lauren: I am stressed af Kate: I don't think its gonna be that bad Lauren: The boss is coming with us  Kate: Yea well  Kate: I am ok with him  Edward: You think its gonna be just a few meetings with clients 😶 Kate: Not only Kate: We're going to an expo  Kate: I hate the expo stuff Kate: We have to pretend to be nice Kate: But people coming to our booth actually have nothing to do with what we're doing  Lauren: True Edward: Expos are not as stressful as meetings tho  Kate: Ye well  Kate: We cant complain rn  Lauren: we have to go anyway  Lauren: 😑😑😑 Kate: See y'all there then
Denise: She does, but in my opinion that dress would look better on someone taller. I'm considering buying the red one for myself :D Debbie: LOL, okay. Denise: It is, but the green one will suit you better.
Maybe if you let me know earlier, I might have changed my plans, but now it's too late. Sara: I thought mayble you would like to help with the event we're organizing? Victor: Unfortunately I'm busy this Saturday... Sara: Shame... Victor: Yeah, I know.
:D Janice: 2 times Rachel: Omg Janice: xP Rachel: You are the best gf in the world Rachel: Your bf should appreciate that ;-) Janice: He does Janice: x) Janice: My bf forced me to watch it xD Rachel: Hahah Janice: It wasn't that bad Janice: I thought it'd be worse Rachel: And Avengers? Rachel: <file_other> Rachel: Top 50 Best Films of 2018 Rachel: :) Janice: Omg, I've watched almost all 50... xDD Spencer: Hahah, Deadpool 2 also??
I buggered up my mocks too and I have to retake the subjects I failed in, it never bloody ends!😭 Kyle: Why don't I ask Kev about the site, they always need labourers and they like us young ones cos we're a lot cheaper by the hour lol. I'm working for my Uncle Kev at the building site, my cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year, maybe do that myself. It's a shitting hell hole, can't wait to leave next year, I'm leaving at Easter 😆 Quinn: Lucky you, I've got GCSES.
Daniel: It's supposed to rain so the river bank parties are not an option Mark: casino? Mark: I will totally get mine this time Daniel: hahaha ok Mark: predrinks at your place? Daniel:  dude that's my sister Mark: all right all right drinks at my place Daniel: okay!
Kaya: We have been looking for you in Library Clay: I am the class room Kaya: Be right there
It's cool Denise: I was there a few times already Denise: I think it might be my new favourite club in town Denise: The DJ is awesome Judy: My friends were also praising the music Natalie: That sounds great. Natalie: Have you been to this new club at Regents Street? Judy: I'm going on Saturday Judy: With Miranda and Helen.
we'll have pizza night, Marcel can sort us out... Christine: I'm on a late shift tomorrow, shall I take Marcel in tomorrow morning? Marty: Nah, it can wait, that'll leave us in trouble with the kids... Christine: OK, I'll pick up Marcel then. Marty: That would be awesome, thank you for your help... Christine: No problem, you'll have to call the school though.
Rachel: Wow, it’s really a big organization… Wai: One of the biggest charity organizations in the world :p Rachel: Well, I can’t wait to see everyone, see you! Rachel: I’m kind of worried they won’t like me though ;[ Wai: Don’t worry, we always welcome new people to our team! Wai: Later, some people need to make decisions, we don’t know which project will be assigned to us as well.
:/ Ethan: I am currently in Los Angeles dat's why it was impossible for me Abigail: When did you leave for LA? I would be back after 3 or 2 days Abigail: Let me know when you reach back Ethan: Sure. :o  You didnt even tell me Ethan: Why did you wanted know about it ?
Thomas: I'm on my way Jack: Ok, I'll wait with cooking until you come Thomas: What are you making? Jack: Can you buy butter? When are you coming home?
Victor: he was not willing to get help so i thought to do it this way.. and he can own it back anytime he wants David: God bless you Victor: Thanks, hows your business? David: its good but not too much work these days.. Victor: yes market is very slow.. David: yes expecting it to get better by the end of the year. Victor: Yes he was under huge debt, but he is still working as Director David: That is good, your running company at its old premises?
Gina: <file_photo> Gina: If you want better quality I need to send you PDF file. Luke: Hey sis, send me the pic of the parrot you painted yesterday? I can't believe you've discovered your talent so late!
Monica: I guess you'll have a lot of exams this term Gaia: 6 Gaia: But only one is really hard Gaia: A lot of work, but all good. Monica: All good at the university?
Josh: Stephen, I think you've accidentaly taken my notebook home Stephen: wait lemme check Stephen: nope, I don't see it anywhere Jack: oh shit, I've got it xDDD I don't even know why Josh: xDDD ok, no problem, cool I know where it is Jack: I'll bring it tomorow
The quality's really great and knowing where it came from makes it easier to spend the extra dollar ;) Elle: I'll look into it :) Florence: Thx Patricia: Hello, here's the fair-trade brand I've been talking about <file_other> Elle: Oh, thanks! Patricia: I'm glad, I hope you enjoy it.
We're going bowling, so we'll meet up and then all go together. Kirsten: Youth group this Friday, don't be late. Alex: What time?
Gabriel: Hey, our tutor wanted to join us Baron: Sign on the calendar Gavin: link please? Baron: <file_other> Gavin: let's add people from our group Gabriel: good idea Baron: there is a match next week.
Mazie: Me and mah girls are having a drink tonight. Mazie: You just saw her on a bad day. Mazie: Wouldn't you like to know... Lee: Yes!
Melanie: Jake promised me he will do that Melanie: he has some workplace discount on them Bob: Jake are you here?? Jake: yes I did, 3 tickets for tomorrow, 7 pm Jake: and we got a 30% discount on them too :) Bob: did you reserve the tickets for tomorrow?
Cheryl: I suppose yea, she kicked me out xd Louis: WHAT Cheryl: I mean I don’t have to move right now, but she gave me time till the end of the year Louis: I’m sorry… Cheryl: Naah, don’t be, I believe it’s for good. Cheryl: yea, sort of… Louis: Go on, tell me what happened Cheryl: I…just had an argument with my mom Louis: Jesus what again Cheryl: I forgot to close the window when I was leaving home! Cheryl: No, not only… Ya know, wouldn’t be that bad, but I got angry, started screaming and everything ;/ Louis: not a good idea, babe Cheryl: I knoooow  Louis: Was it really bad?
First of all the earthquakes happen rarely, even in Japan and only in certain places James: it's not like the whole country is shaking all the time Mary: I'm telling her this all the time, but it's pointless James: And, most of all, Japanese have amazing architecture because of their experiences with earthquakes. maybe for 2 hours somewhere close to Tokyo James: So I don't think the next tsunami in Japan will happen exactly at that place and time, relax and enjoy James: Japan is really an amazing country. James: hahaha, you're really a damn alarmist James: this is so exaggerated, are you serious?
i can't open it for some reason :/ Caleb: yeah, I sent you a pic of Maya Caleb: she's playing a mouse in a school play and I wanted to show you her costume Caleb: she looks sooo adorable in it! :-) Ella: aww...:) can you send me this photo via email? Ella: did you send me mms?
Aubrianna: My friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo Darien: It's dangerous for all people not just whites Aubrianna: So read about this
Samantha: I'm only asking, I don't have anything against drugs Robyn: but I have and I never take them Samantha: ok, sorry, I didn't intend to offend you Robyn: I just drank too much, that's eat Samantha: much too much Robyn: yes, I lost control a bit Robyn: I am sorry for that Samantha: important that you feel better today Robyn: better, but I really exaggerated with bier last night Samantha: was it really only bier? Samantha: I don't know, your eyes, behaviour Robyn: you want to say I took drugs?
Adam: 10 minutes and I'm going in Adam: Never been so afraid of any exam Dave: Everything's gonna be fine man. Dave: We all are nervous here but we believe in you and keep our fingers crossed. Adam: Wish me luck Dave: GOOD LUCK!
Alice: I have my yoga class at 6:30 Alice: I will be back home about 8pm Kim: okay, I will be there after 8 Alice: great! Alice: He's going to decorate Jo's place... Alice: I'm going to go mad... Kim: :) Alice: Are we still on? Alice: Saturday Kim: My mum is here... Alice: fuck, my parents will be here too... Kim: what about Friday?
James: No I am head to work : (  Hannah: Oh okay Hannah: Are you watching the game?
Ola: Hey running late Ola: I should be free by 8 Kurt: Sure no prob, call me
Liam: will pick you up at 8 Liam: be ready Kane: cool man Liam: just don't get us late please
Her phone is off Sam: She just left Dave: Thanks! Dave: Hey, is Nicky still at your place?
Murphy: Yes, in the afternoon, but I don't know the exact hour. Sophie: And you're coming back the same day? Sophie: When r u going to Poanań?
Christie: how are you after the party? Christie: same Christie: the party was great! Katie: really tired... and you?
Archie: Around midnight; I'll be travelling to yours by bus, so it might take an hour or so Judah: No worries. Call me on the phone if I happen to be dead by the time you get here Archie: Lol Will do! Judah: Hello Archie: Hey Judah: So what time are you arriving from Southampton?
Randolph: 4 or 5 packs Maya: I'll get you 5 Randolph: Thanks darling Maya: Yes Randolph: Buy me some earplugs please Maya: How many pairs? Randolph: Honey Randolph: Are you still in the pharmacy?
Jules: <file_gif> Derek: Sorry, I was never good at memes Jules: what a shame... Jules: by the way, do we have class tomorrow? Derek: surely, it's friday after all Jules: oops, someone misled me Derek: that's not nice Jules: What does it mean?
