cyprien irritates adelina by giving too many responses .
priscilla is upset with stu because his friend , alex , didn't provide her with the right software . she had to buy it online instead .
adam hasn't visited his parents in six months and is coming over tomorrow . his flight will land an hour later than originally scheduled . hannah will let dad know .
anna likes a new app in which you can virtually try on clothes . peter is not quite convinced it is necessary .
ken is trying to play a prank on greg .
kamden hasn't used social media recently . he uses messenger only and wants to get mckinley's photographs .
gloria is frustrated with her financial situation . she will try to plan her meals better .
ray is locked in the room from the outside and he has to pee . max's roommate will come and let him out .
amy gives everett permission to give her number to ralph .
franks tells zoe he loves her .
son is coming to see his parents' this weekend .
helen will do rita a favour . she will do the research on salvage industries to find out if they have any pubic relations problems .
josie finds eco's novel foucault's pendulum nerdy . josie would like to read eco in italian , but she's unsure of her language abilities . stefano considers eco's two novels and finds them difficult . josie has read an unfavorable review of foucault's pendulum by salman rushdie .
keira wonders why wildangel plays in the wrong order . lois is considering deleting her account as she could not log on . lois saw keira's sister in town , who was supposed to be grounded . keira might tell on her .
ken is having some bad days .
euodia didn't know about tiktok application , so domigo explained what it was .
alan has found some cinnamon whiskey and sends robert photos of it .
ben is having a downtime , isn't very talkative . kim wants to see ben tonight but he has to rain check .
louis finishes the conversation with fabian because his mother is calling .
ronnie uses three different bins for waste . he doesn't use straws , neither plastic bags . clint and ronnie agree that environment protection depends on the government .
hannah needs betty's number but amanda doesn't have it . she needs to contact larry .
leticia lost her wallet with cards and documents and needs to borrow 10 dollars . miranda and lora offer help . the girls hope somebody will find the wallet and give it back .
dorothea is having a birthday dinner in the town with tom . elena is seeing dorothea at her party on saturday .
jill called sarah . she also sent her some old pictures .
kate believes her boyfriend's mother dislikes her . he is a nerd who lives and has always lived with his mother and grandmother .
jose ricky and amanda are very enthusiastic about the new year as they will travel a lot during the summer of 2019 .
alice and sean will wash the car on their way tomorrow .
robert is out of town .
shaldona sends mobile invitations to her wedding , as she has no time to give them in person .
anna got an awful stomachache at night but she doesn't know its cause . her mom joanna will make her hot tea with some fresh mint leaves .
sandra bought a present for milla right before marco's party and left it in his place . she asks marco to bring it over .
jason wants to meet dory over the weekend . dory's friend is going to stay with her for a week . jason has been working on a movie with lucy for the past two months . jason bought a video creator app .
kelvin and the other class members will discuss the time for their cat 2 and share their decision with naheeda soon .
dan , tim , chris and martin will meet at 8 . dan and martin will take it easy this time . tom can't make it as he has a party at in laws .
robert texts gabriel to arrange a get together with him in the office at 3 pm , before he is meeting darek . but gabriel left the office a month ago and is at home now , so they will not meet today .
fiona fell in love with his student , conrad .
laura and jack are about to meet . jack is running 10 minutes late .
gab wants to meet kat in real life . kat doesn't like gab's insisting so she won't to talk to him at all .
emily and julie wish merry christmas to each other .
lewandowska has measles . there are vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th for everyone who had contact with her .
nathan is planning on buying a bike in spring . he will probably store the bike on some special hooks because his apartment is small . nathan has also bought a stationary bike to keep fit .
jenkin has been reading about spirit animals and he was drawn to a dolphin . sophie would choose a fox . jenkin will bring pack of cards with spirit animals to sophie tomorrow .
breann and dianne are going to buy a cheetah print pet hut with a 10 coupon code .
connor bought his halloween costumes at value village where jane plans to get her and her sister's costume .
yaz and tania will go to a pub on friday around 8 . sophie is thinking of breaking up with her boyfriend before uni . tania is going to manchester in 4 months . yaz wants to study medicine in exeter , so she needs high grades .
ann thanks katie for hosting her son tim on monday evening and driving him to the railway station next morning . kate will send a message to tim tomorrow , to ask about the place where she should be waiting for him .
derek mccarthy will pick up an android cable from tommy's wife at 8 15 .
zandra's daughter , tam , has a birthday tomorrow . the party starts at tricia's place , so erwin will deliver a birthday cake by bike . zandra is taking care of the decorations , tricia of the food and a company of the outside attractions .
brett's cousin met his wife while playing a game together . andrew's favorite game is the final fantasy . brett and john haven't heard about it .
martha saw a documentary about minimalism .
camilla has some errands to do on saturday . charles is visiting the german markets this weekend . they are talking about christmas food and drinks .
the temperatures where thomas stays are 3 at night . there is frost in the morning . zoey is in the tropics . thomas had a walk around belchen's summit on sunday .
there has been an accident on circle drive , neat circle mall . there are no fatalities .
there was a drill at the school today .
tim is running late and will arrive around twenty past . he asked gary to do some small talk and try to delay the main presentation .
marek sent adam a photo of man's bottom . marek made this photo in the shopping mall , on the escalator .
karen passed a driving exam .
michael is returning from trip to argentina , brazil and chile . he will be in boston next weekend . michael doesn't like his job , he thinks of quitting it and leaving london . kai's been very busy recently . she has a conference on 8th of december .
jay will lend joe money for the ticket for the event . ruth and paulette will accompany them .
derek and alyssa make fun of fergie's performance of the national anthem .
james will pick up the car after his work tomorrow . sue already have sent him money .
iga and her boyfriend are not sitting together since monday , because they had to cancel their weekend getaway . it made iga very angry . iga's boyfriend failed to convince a group to change the date of the presentation .
when wanda and hugh arrive , they will quickly make the pizza and get started . they need to make the base and prepare everything earlier .
edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow . lauren's stressed about it , because their boss is coming with them . kate think it's going to be ok . there will be meeting with clients and an expo .
debbie can't decide between buying a red dress and a green one . on kelly and denise's advice she will buy the green one . kelly is considering buying the red one for herself .
victor cannot help sara with the event they're organizing as he's busy this saturday .
rachel sends a list of top 50 films of 2018 . janice watched almost half of them , deadpool 2 and avengers included .
quinn and kyle are going out tonight . kyle is leaving school at easter to work for his uncle . quinn's parents want him to retake his gcses . kyle's brother will buy alcohol and cigarettes for them . their friend , kirsty , is dating nathan baker . quinn and kyle will meet around 6 outside the club .
daniel's sister is visiting him . daniel and mark will meet at mark's place for drinks .
kaya is looking for clay , who is in the classroom .
natalie is checking if it's worth going to the new club at regents street . denise thinks the club is great . judy's friends also recommend the place , so judy is going there this weekend . natalie will go to the club with judy , miranda and helen on saturday .
marty thinks she has sprained her ankle . marty wants to go to the doctor tomorrow . christine will pick up marcel from school today . tomorrow christine will take marcel to school and marty to the doctor . marty will call the school . christine and marty will meet around 4 .
rachel and wai will go to the museum together . they will go to a bar then . rachel will meet wai's friends for the first time .
ethan didn't come to the party last night because he is in los angeles . abigail didn't know about it . ethan will be back in a couple of days , the he will reach out to abigail .
thomas will buy butter . he is on his way home . jack is making a mushroom soup , but will wait with cooking until thomas comes .
victor took over chris's company , which was under a huge debt . he sold the office and did some changes but chris still works there as director . david's business goes very slow but he expects it to get better by the end of the year .
luke is amazed by gina's talent for painting . gina sent luke a pdf file with a picture of the parrot she painted yesterday .
gaia has 6 exams this semestre . one is very difficult .
josh thinks stephen accidentally took his notebook . jack has it and will bring it tomorrow .
patricia is recommending a fair trade brand to elle and florence .
kirsten reminds alex that the youth group meets this friday at 7 pm and go bowling .
baron , gabriel and gavin have a match next week . their tutor wants to join them .
mazie and her girlfriends are having a drink tonight . lee doesn't like some of her friends , for example sheryl . lee had spilt a drink on her .
jake reserved 3 tickets for tomorrow 7 pm . he got 30 discount .
cheryl had an argument with her mom . she forgot to close the window , got angry and started a fight . her mom gave her time till the end of the year to move out .
mary and patricia are flying to japan in a week . patricia is scared of long flight , earth quakes and tsunamis . james is comforting her . mary tried to comfort patricia too with no effect .
caleb sent ella a pic of maya to show her the girl's costume as a mouse in a school play .
dad of aubrianna's friend died of malaria in kongo .
robyn drank too much beer last night and lost control . she is feeling better today .
adam is going to take an exam in ten minutes .
alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate jo's place . kim's mom and alice's parents are going to be here on saturday . alice and kim will meet on friday after 8 after alice's yoga class .
james is heading to work so he's not watching the game .
ola should be free by 8 . kurt wants her to call him .
liam will pick up kane at 8 .
nicky has just left sam's place . her phone is off .
murphy is going to poanań on tuesday and coming back on the same day in the afternoon .
christie and katie are tired after the party . they both had fun .
archie is arriving from southampton around midnight . he will travel by bus . he will call judah .
maya will buy 5 packs of earplugs for randolph at the pharmacy .
jules and derek don't have class tomorrow as it's friday .
