Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now, but he was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. Cyprien comes from his mother's vagina.
Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for Priscilla's new laptop. Stu didn't check. She bought the software online.
Adam's plane has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later at the airport. He will be there in less than 24 hours. Hannah will prepare something for dinner for dinner. Adam and his family will see each other tomorrow.
Anna likes the app. Peter is making fun of her. Anna and Peter play a game about Anna's wardrobe.
Ken wants his money back from Greg. Ken is a prankster.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep in touch with his friends. He doesn't spend much time on Facebook.
Gloria made sushi and tiger prawn korma. Her therapy is expensive. Amanita advises her to cook more.
Someone locked the door from outside. Max has to ask his roommates to open it for him.
Everett introduced Amy to Ralph at the pub last week. He will give him her phone number.
Zoe sends Frank a video. He loves her.
Son will try to come home this weekend. His mother and his father miss him.
Rita wants to double check Salvage Industries' PR problems. Helen will check it for her.
Stefano and Josie discuss Foucault's Pendulum and Eco's other novels.
Keira's sister is grounded for the month. Lois is thinking of deleting both wildangel3 and wildangel2.
Ken is depressed and stressed today. He had a bad day yesterday.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is, but her friends were talking about it.
Alan has found a new whiskey that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. The whiskey goes well with the cinnamon.
Ben is online today looking for programmers. Ben and Kim are going to have pizza with coke tonight.
Louis has to go, because his mom's calling him.
Ronnie's city has banned plastic bags in grocery stores and straws in restaurants. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. They sort through everything further down.
Hannah and Amanda are looking for Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park together. Amanda will text him.
Leticia has lost her wallet. She will get it back as soon as possible.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and hopes all her dreams come true.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend Sarah and sent her their pictures. Bob was living with her when Jill left him.
Caroline thinks her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her. Caroline is his first gf and she's jelous. He's 26 and lives at home with his mother and gramma. He is an introvert.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda wish each other a merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are excited about the summer and 2019. Ricky is going to Cuba, Jose to Mexico, Thailand and Amanda to Cuba.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash as he has to finish his report first. He and Alice will go there tomorrow.
Tom doesn't like Jack's dick. Robert is not in town.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper an invitation to her wedding through Messenger.
Anna has a stomachache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea with fresh mint leaves in ten minutes.
Sandra left Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over to her.
Jason and Dory are going to create a video this weekend. Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She/he will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months and now they're down to 2 weekends. Jason purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is going to a party at in-laws. Dan needs to be home at 2 on Sunday.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5pm, but Gabriel will be around at 3pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old pals.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. He's 5 years younger than her. She doesn't know what to do about it. Wanda advises her.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Gab would love to meet Kat in real life. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet. Kat is busy at the moment and can't meet Gab for a drink.
Julie and Emily wish each other a merry Christmas.
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is to ride 100 kilometers.
Sophie's spirit animal is a fox. Jenkin is a dolphin. He will bring the cards tomorrow.
Breann and Dianne will get a 10% discount on the pet hut at the Pet shop.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to get Halloween costumes. Connor will join them.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8ish. Yaz and Sophie are thinking of breaking up before Uni. Tania needs high grades to get into Exeter.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's cousin, Erik, is the cousin of Ann Cairns, who is Katie's best friend. Katie also knows Stef and Leo, friends of Ann in Berlin. Katie will send a text to Ann's son tomorrow to tell him where he can pick him up.
Derek McCarthy needs an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland, but he will call his wife and she will give him one.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready. Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra will take care of the decorations in the morning. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. Andrew's favourite genre is RPGs. John's favourite RPG series is the Final Fantasy series.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy. There are conflicting priorities when it comes to shopping.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausage, beer and mulled wine. Camilla will try the mulled white wine.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. They had a walk around the summit of Belchen on Sunday in brilliant sunshine.
Oli tried to get to the Circle Mall, but there was a car accident on Circle Drive.
There was an emergency at school today, but it was a drill. There were three engines and an ambulance.
Gary will try and delay the main presentation. Tim will be there about twenty minutes late.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his ass. Marek found it on the escalator in a shopping mall. Adam is not impressed.
Karen passed her exam.
Michael has been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He is thinking of quitting his job in London and looking for a new one. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jay and Joe are going to a concert in Kenya. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks she does a great job.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation.
Hugh and Wanda are going to make pizza. They will make the base and prepare everything earlier.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. They are going to an expo. The boss is coming with them. Kate doesn't like the expo but they have to go anyway.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one and send her the link to the store.
Sara wants Victor to help out with the event she's organizing on Saturday, but he's busy.
Janice has watched almost all 50 best films of 2018. Her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2 and Avengers 2 twice.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school. Quinn is leaving school at Easter. Kyle is working for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn's parents won't let him stay at school. Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Kyle will ask Kev about it. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6.
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Daniel's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting. Mark hasn't seen Hannah for 14 years.
Kaya and Clay have been looking for Clay in the library. Clay is in the class room.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to go with them.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school and will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. They will go to a bar afterwards. Rachel will meet everyone there. Rachel is worried they won't like her, but Wai assures her they always welcome new people to their team. Wai doesn't know which project Rachel will be assigned to.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days. He and Abigail will meet soon.
Thomas will buy butter. Jack is making mushroom soup. Thomas is coming home.
Victor has taken over Chris's company and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is slow but he hopes it will get better by the end of the year.
Gina painted a parrot yesterday. She sent Luke a PDF file of it.
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university. Only one of them is really hard.
Josh thinks Stephen took his notebook home. Jack has it. He will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia sent Elle a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group on Friday at 7 pm.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to add people from their group to the calendar for the match next week.
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of Mazie's friends, especially Sheryl. Lee spilled a drink on her.
Jake reserve the tickets for tomorrow, 7 pm. He got a 30% discount on them.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are scared of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James is not.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya in her mouse costume for a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Robyn drank too much last night. Samantha is worried about Robyn's eyes and behaviour.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and others are nervous about it.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
James is going to work and won't be watching the game.
Ola should be free by 8. Kurt will call him.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8. Kane will be ready.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party. They had fun.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah's place by bus.
Maya will buy 5 earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow as it's Friday.
