Adelina wants to know where Cyprien comes from.
Stu gave Priscilla the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop, but Alex put it on a CD.
Adam's plane was rescheduled and will arrive one hour later. Adam and Hannah will meet for dinner tomorrow. It's been half a year since Adam's last visit.
Peter doesn't understand how an app can help him choose what to wear to work.
Ken's account was hacked and he wants his money back.
Kamden doesn't use social media as much as he used to.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma.
Someone locked the door from outside and Ray has to pee in Max's room. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Ralph asked Everett to give him Amy's phone number. Everett introduced Ralph to Amy at the pub last week.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Son will try to come home this weekend.
Rita is looking for info on Helen's client, Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will check if they have no PR problems.
Josie doesn't know much Italian and doesn't like Eco's Pendulum. Stefano thinks it's more comprehensible in the 1980s, but the content is as complicated as in the other novel.
Keira's sister is grounded for the month.
Ken is depressed. He had a bad day yesterday.
Tikto is a new application that allows you to take videos and edit them with music and special effects.
Alan has found a product with no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. It does taste surprisingly well.
Ben is having a downtime on the internet. He will call Kim tonight.
Louis is going to meet Fabian.
Clint is curious about the waste management in Ronnie's place.
Amanda can't find Betty's number. Larry called her last time. Amanda will text Larry.
Leticia lost her wallet. Lora and Miranda will lend her 10$.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and eat something in the town. She's throwing a party on Saturday.
Jill called Sarah because she hates Bob and wants to get him back.
Caroline thinks his mother doesn't like her. Caroline is his first girlfriend. He's 26 and he used to spend all the time at home with his mum and gramma.
Ricky, Jose and Amanda are looking forward to the summer.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash as he has to finish a report. Alice and Sean will leave the car earlier tomorrow and it will be washed somewhere on the road.
Robert is not in town.
Piper doesn't like the fact that Shaldona is sending her wedding invitation through Messenger.
Anna has a terrible stomachache. Anna will get Joanna a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Sandra left her Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. She bought it before Marco's party. Marco will bring it over.
Jason and Dory need to create a video as Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. Jason bought an app to video and edit and Lucy has a script.
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going to the in-laws' party on Saturday at 8. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office a month ago.
Fiona is in love with Conrad. She wants to be around him all the time.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Gab and Kat want to meet up for a drink. Kat is busy at the moment.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas wishes.
Joanna's thesis mentor is in hospital with measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. Joanna will go to the vaccination clinic on the 18th before work.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. He will hang it on the wall in his small apartment. He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter.
Jenkin will bring Sophie the spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Pet shop has a 10% coupon code for new customers when they checkout.
Jane is going to Value Village with Connor to get halloween costumes with her sister.
Tania and Yaz are going to the pub on Friday at 8.
Katie hosted Ann's son Tim on Monday evening and dropped him at the railway station next morning.
Tommy will borrow an Android cable from his wife, Paulina, for Derek McCarthy.
Tricia is helping Zandra with preparing a birthday party for her daughter.
Brett, John and Andrew are discussing the game World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite game is Final Fantasy.
Jake thinks minimalism is a good idea but Martha feels mixed about it.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will try the mulled wine.
Thomas is in the tropics. At night the temps fall to -3. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
There is a car accident on Circle Drive.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came, but it was a drill.
Tim is 20 minutes late. Gary will try and delay the main presentation.
Marek found a picture of a girl on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Karen passed her driving test.
Michael travels a lot. He's been to Argentina, Chile and London. He's thinking of quitting his job. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jay and Joe are going to a concert in Kenya. Joe doesn't have money to buy tickets. Jay will lend him the money. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Derek and Alyssa like Fergie's performance of the national anthem.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and Sue will transfer the money in.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't change the date of the presentation.
Hugh will quickly make the pizza when he arrives.
Kate, Edward and Lauren are going to an expo tomorrow.
Debbie is going to buy a red dress and a green one.
Victor can't help Sara with organizing the event this Saturday.
Rachel sent Janice Top 50 Best Films of 2018.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his Uncle Kev at a building site and Quinn has GCSEs.
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Clay is in the class room in the Library.
Natalie, Judy and Denise are going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school because Marty has sprained his ankle.
Rachel andWai will meet at the main entrance of the museum at 4. They will go to a bar afterwards.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he's in Los Angeles.
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Victor took over Chris's company because he was under huge debt. He sold off the office and accommodating them in his office. David's business is good but not too much work these days. Victor expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Gina sends Luke a PDF file of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Gaia is doing a lot of work at the university. She has 6 exams this term.
Stephen didn't take Josh's notebook home. Jack found it and will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia sends Elle and Florence a link to a fair- trade product.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling on Friday at 7 pm.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week. Their tutor will join them.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee won't come because he doesn't like some of Mazie's friends.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom and she was kicked out.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are worried about earthquakes and tsunamis.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died of malaria in Kongo.
Robyn is feeling better today, but she exaggerated with bier last night.
Adam is going to take an exam in 10 minutes.
Alice's dad is coming for a month. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
James is going to work.
Ola will be free by 8.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Nicky's phone is off.
Murphy is going to Poana ⁇  on Tuesday and will be back the same day.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Archie will arrive from Southampton by bus around midnight.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph.
Jules and Derek have datememe datememe on Friday.
