Cyprien came from Jarrow , lives in London , and came from Loughborouogh .
Priscilla bought MS Office software for her new laptop but Stu is not happy with it .
Adam will be back home in less than 24 hours . He will be with Hannah and her family .
Anna is making fun of Peter with an app . It ' s for men . Anna has him to choose what to wear .
Ken wants his money back from Greg .
Kamden uses chat on fb to keep up with good friends . Mckinley uses Facebook too , which helps to keep contact with friends .
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle . Her therapy is expensive . She made sushi , tiger prawn krawa , and pancakes are cheap .
Someone locked the door from outside and Max is unable to let him out .
Everett will give Ralph ' s phone number .
Zoe is sending Frank a video and he wishes her a good day .
Son will try to come home this weekend , because he and his mother miss him . Frank will tell Son ' s mother that he will come .
Rita needs information from Helen about Salvage Industries and their major business . Helen will double check if they have no PR problems .
Josie doesn ' t like Foucault ' s Pendulum , because it is set in the 1980s and the language is very complicated . Salman Rushdie ' s review of Penduca , published in the 80s .
Lois created a new account when she was 10 . She wants to deleting both . Keira ' s sister is grounded for the month .
Ken is depressed and is stressed out . Ellen is worried about him .
Tiktok is a new application which allows you to share videos with music and special effects .
Alan has found a drink that has no sugar , cinnamon flavoring . Rob doesn ' t like the taste .
Ben is online today having a downtime . He is having a pizza with coke tonight . They are going to meet tonight .
Louis ' s mom is calling him .
Ronnie is explaining to Clint how the waste management is working .
Amanda can ' t find Betty ' s number . She ' ll ask Larry .
Leticia needs to borrow 10 $ from Lora and Miranda . She doesn ' t have time for that .
It ' s Dorothea ' s birthday today . She is going to meet Tom and eat something in town . She will see Elena at her birthday party on Saturday .
Jill is angry at Bob for calling her girlfriend and sending her pictures . Bob is angry with her .
Caroline thinks his first boyfriend doesn ' t like her . His first girlfriend is 26 and he ' s an introvert . He doesn ' s know his flat , Erasmus , because he will text Kate soon .
Ricky and Amanda wish each other Merry Christmas . Ricky is going to Cuba , Mexico and Thailand in 2019 .
Alice and Sean will take their car to the carwash tomorrow .
Robert is not in town .
Shaldona sends Piper her wedding invitation .
Anna has a bad stomachache . She had it at night . She had some breakfast with milk and a banana for breakfast . Anna will get Joanna a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves and hope it will help .
Sandra left a present at Marco ' s place yesterday . She bought it from Millas .
Jason and Dory ' s friend is coming over the day after tomorrow and she ' s around a week . Jason has an app in which to video and edit and Lucy has a script .
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 instead of the statistics class .
Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going to a party on Saturday . Dan needs to be home at 2 .
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm but Gabriel has quit the office about a month ago . Robert is at home and looking for his new job .
Fiona is in love with Conrad . She ' s mad when she comes back home after the class .
Laura will wait inside for Jack .
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink but Kat is busy at the moment . Gab would like to meet her , but she is not interested .
Julie and Emily wish each other Merry Christmas .
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles . Joanna is going to get vaccinations before work on the 18th .
Nathan wants to buy a bicycle in spring . He has a stationary bike and he can keep it in his apartment .
Jenkin has a fox spirit animal . He will bring them over tomorrow .
Breann and Dianne give Dianne a 10 % coupon code for new customers .
Jane is going to Value village with her sister . Jane is getting Halloween costumes . Connor will join them .
Tania doesn ' t want to go on Friday with Yaz as she ' s working a lot . Tania will meet Yaz on Friday at 8 in a pub .
Katie is hosting Tim on Monday evening and will drop him off at the railway station next morning . Ann knows Ben since school , they spent 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau . Katie will send a text to Ann ' s son tomorrow if Ann wants to pick him up .
Derek wants to borrow an Android cable from Tommy . Tommy is in Poland . He will call his wife Paulina .
Zandra will prepare a cake for Tricia ' s daughter ' s birthday party tomorrow . The party starts at Tricia . Tricia will deliver it by bike . Zandra has decorations .
John is surprised by the way the game is playing . Brett is surprised that the game , when playing a game , is similar to WoW .
Jake and Martha are discussing minimalism . Martha saw a documentary about minimalism . Jake thinks it ' s a good idea to buy something that will serve you longer .
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend . They will visit Birmingham and Manchester both . Camilla is going to try the mulled wine .
Thomas is in the tropics . Zoey and Thomas are on a walk around the summit of Belchen on Sunday .
There was a car accident on circle drive , Oli tried to get to the Circle Mall . There are no casualties .
There was an emergency at school today . Three engines and ambulance came , but it was a drill .
Tim will be 20 minutes late for the presentation .
Marek found a picture of an attractive girl he met in a shopping mall .
Karen passed the test .
Michael has been travelling to Argentina for 2 weeks and he ' s
Joe has no money to buy tickets for the event in Kenya . Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them . He will pay him back later .
Fergie ' s national anthem is Illuminati .
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow . Sue will transfer the money in .
Adam has some gossip for Borys and Katia . Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend , but they had to cancel because his group had to change the date of the presentation . Iga is angry , because the presentation was changed .
Hugh and Wanda will arrive , they will make the pizza and put it in the oven .
Edward , Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow . They are going to an expo .
Kelly is considering buying the red dress for Debbie .
Victor can ' t help Sara with the event they are organizing this Saturday .
Rachel and Janice are discussing the top 50 best films of 2018 . Janice has watched almost all 50 , while her boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2 twice .
Kyle and Quinn have a gCSES . Kyle is leaving at Easter , so he doesn ' t want to go out as he is working for his uncle Kev at the building site . Quinn hates school and misses school . Kyle will join his brother , Kirsty , outside the club at 6ish .
Mark and Daniel are having drinks at Daniel ' s place because it ' s raining .
Kaya is looking for Clay in the library .
Natalie wants to go to the new club at Regents Street this weekend . Judy and Denise are going there on Friday with Miranda and Helen .
Marty has sprained his ankle . Christine will pick up Marcel from school tomorrow morning . She will take him to the doctor .
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance and then they will go to a bar .
Ethan didn ' t attend the part last night , he was in Los Angeles . Abigail is worried that Ethan was out of town . Ethan will be back in 3 or 2 days .
Jack asks Thomas to buy butter , he ' s making a mushroom soup .
Victor took over Chris ' s company after he sold off the office and accommodate them in his office . David ' s business is going well but the market is slow .
Luke sent his sister , Gina , a photo of a parrot she painted yesterday .
Gaia has a lot of work at the university , she will have 6 exams this term .
Stephen took Josh ' s notebook home .
Patricia sends Elle a product from the fair - Trade brand .
Kirsten and Alex will meet in a youth group this Friday at 7 pm . They ' re going bowling .
Baron , Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group to the match next week .
Mazie and some girls are having a drink tonight . Lee can ' t go with her .
Jake has booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30 % discount .
Cheryl had an argument with her mother . She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home . She kicked her out . She had time till the end of the year .
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week . They are worried about the long flight , the earthquake and tsunamis .
Caleb sent Ella a picture of Maya as a mouse in a school play .
Aubriana ' s friend ' s dad died because of Mozambique .
Robyn drank too much last night .
Adam is going in in 10 minutes . Dave is nervous about the exam but Dave assures him it will go well .
Alice ' s dad is coming for a month . Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm .
James is not watching the game and is heading to work .
Ola will be late by 8 .
Liam will pick up Kane at 8 .
Nicky just left her phone at Dave ' s place .
Murphy is going to Poanana on Tuesday and is coming back the same day .
Christie and Katie are tired after the party .
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight and will meet with Judah by bus .
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph .
Jules misled Derek about their class tomorrow .
