Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now . He was educated in Loughborouogh . Cyprien came from his mother's vagina .
Priscilla told Stu that she needed the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop . Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD . Priscilla bought the software online .
Adam's plane has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later . Hannah will prepare something special for dinner tomorrow . Adam will be there in less than 24 hours .
Anna and Peter are playing a game with the app . Anna is making fun of Peter .
Ken wants his money back from Greg . Ken is a prankster .
Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends . Mckinley is not a phone selfie person .
Gloria is too poor for her therapy . Amanita suggests that Gloria should cook more .
Someone locked the door from outside and Max can't let Ray out . Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him .
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's phone number . Everett gave it to him .
Zoe and Frank love each other .
Son will come home this weekend . Frank will tell his mother that he will come .
Helen will double check if Salvage Industries are legit and have no PR problems .
Stefano and Josie are discussing Eco's Foucault's Pendulum and The Name of the Rose .
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount . Keira's sister is grounded for the month .
Ken is depressed and stressed out today . Ellen is worried about him .
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is . Domigo explains it to her .
Alan has found a new company that has no sugar , no taste , and additional cinnamon flavoring . Alan and Robert like it .
Kim and Ben are going to have pizza with coke tonight . Kim will get a rain check .
Louis and Fabian are going to see each other .
Ronnie uses three different bins compost , recycle and trash . He uses dry recyclables , food and general , compost .
Amanda can't find Betty's number . Larry called her last time they were at the park . Amanda will text him .
Leticia has lost her wallet . Lora and Miranda will lend her 10 . Leticia will have to get new documents .
It's Dorothea's birthday today . She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town . Elena wishes her all the best .
Jill called her girlfriend and sent her Bob's pictures . Bob was living with Jill and she kicked him out .
Caroline thinks his mother doesn't like her . Caroline is his first gf and she's jelous . He is 26 and lives at home with his mother and gramma . He's an introvert .
Jose , Amanda and Ricky wish each other a merry Christmas and a happy new year . Jose and Amanda are excited about the summer . Ricky is excited to go to Cuba . Jose will be Ricky's guide .
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first . He and Alice will go to the wash tomorrow .
Robert is not in town , so he can't help Tom .
Shaldona and Piper are getting married . Shaldona is sending Piper a mobile inviation for their wedding .
Anna has a stomachache . Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves .
Sandra left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday . Marco will bring it over to Sandra .
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow . She will stay for around a week . Jason and Lucy have 2 weekends left to produce the video . Jason has purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script .
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class .
Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8 . Tom is out .
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm , but he will be around at 3 pm . Gabriel quit the office about a month ago . Gabriel is at home , looking into what he's doing next .
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad . He's 5 years younger than her . She's not sure if she should tell her boss .
Jack will be 10 minutes late . Laura will wait inside .
Gab and Kat are going to meet up for a drink .
Julie and Emily wish each other a Merry Christmas .
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles . Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated . Joanna's thesis mentor is her thesis mentor . They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th .
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring . He wants to keep it on the wall . He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter . He does 25 kilometers everyday . His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers .
Jenkin is a dolphin . Jenkin will bring Sophie a pack of cards tomorrow .
There is a 10 coupon code pawesome10 for new customers when they checkout .
Jane is getting halloween costumes with her sister at Value Village . Connor got his today . Jane is going with him .
Yaz and Tania will meet in a pub on Friday at 8ish .
Katie and Ann spent a week end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau . Ann's cousin , Erik's wife , is the cousin of Ann Cairns , who is Katie's best friend . Katie will send a text to Ann's son to tell him where Ann wants to pick him up tomorrow .
Tommy will lend Derek an Android cable for an hour . Tommy's wife Paulina will give it to Derek .
The cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday is still not ready . Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike . The party starts at Tricia Zandra . Zandra has to make decorations for the party .
Brett and John are talking about WoW . Andrew's favourite RPG series is Final Fantasy .
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus . Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer . Martha feels it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy .
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend .
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics . At night the temps fall to 3 and there is a white ground frost in the morning . On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen in icy wind and sunshine .
There was a car accident on circle drive . There were no deaths .
There was an emergency at school today . Three engines and ambulance were called to the school .
Tim will be 20 minutes late . Gary will try and delay the main presentation .
Marek sent Adam a picture of a nice ass . Marek found it in a shopping mall on the escalator .
Karen passed her driving test .
Michael has been to Argentina , Brazil and Chile . He's in Boston next weekend . He wants to leave London and look for a job in the Netherlands . Kai has a conference on the 8th of December .
Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him and Joe to a concert in Kenya .
Derek and Alyssa like Fergie's national anthem .
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay . Sue will transfer the money in .
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend , but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation .
Hugh and Wanda are going to make a pizza .
Edward , Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow . The boss is coming with them . They are going to an expo .
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy . Kelly recommends the green one . Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself .
Victor can't help Sara with the event on Saturday .
Janice has watched almost all 50 best films of 2018 . She watched Deadpool 2 and Avengers twice .
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school . Kyle is leaving school at Easter . Quinn has GCSES . Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year . Quinn and Kyle will see each other outside the club at 6 .
Mark and Daniel are going to have drinks at Daniel's place tonight . Daniel's sister is visiting .
Clay is in the class room in the library .
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen .
Marty has sprained his ankle . Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor tomorrow morning .
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum . They will go to a bar after that . Rachel is going to meet everyone . Wai and Rachel are going to work for a big charity organization .
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles . He will be back after 3 or 2 days . Abigail and Ethan will meet soon .
Thomas will buy butter . Jack will wait for Thomas at home . Jack is making mushroom soup .
Victor has taken over Chris's company . He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office . David was worried about Chris . Victor wants Chris to own the company . David's business is slow but he's expecting it to get better by the end of the year .
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday .
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university . Only one is hard .
Josh thinks Stephen has taken his notebook . Jack will bring it to Stephen tomorrow .
Patricia has sent Elle and Florence a fair trade brand .
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm . They will meet up and go together .
There is a match next week . Baron , Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group to the calendar .
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight . Lee can't stand Sheryl .
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow . He got a 30 discount on them .
Cheryl had an argument with her mom and she kicked her out . She doesn't have to move right now , but she gave her time till the end of the year .
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week . They are scared of the long flight , earth quakes and tsunamis . James reckons nothing will happen .
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya playing a mouse in a school play .
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo .
Robyn drank too much last night and she's feeling better today .
Adam is going to an exam in 10 minutes .
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place . Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm .
James is not watching the game and is going to work .
Ola should be free by 8 . Kurt will call her .
Liam will pick Kane up at 8 .
Nicky has just left Dave's place .
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday . He's coming back in the afternoon .
Christie and Katie are tired after the party . They had fun .
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight . He will travel to Judah's place by bus .
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy .
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow as it's Friday .
