Cyprien was born in Jarrow and now lives in London.
Alex downloaded open office and some other programs and put them on a cd.
Adam's plane was rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. Hannah will prepare food for dinner tomorrow.
There is no limit on the number of clothes Peter can add. Anna and Peter play a game about how many clothes Peter should have.
Ken wants his money back because his account was hacked.
Kamden and Mckinley haven't seen each other for a while. Mckinley uses Facebook to keep in touch with friends.
Gloria's salary is decent, but she cooks a lot. She should plan her meals better.
Someone locked the door from outside. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Everett gave Ralph Amy's phone number.
Frank loves his girlfriend.
Son will come home this weekend.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client. Helen will double check if the company has no pr problems.
Josie doesn't like Fiasco's pendulum. Stefano thinks that Eco was the king of nerds. Josie read "Pendulum" by Fiasco. Josie read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum.
Lois couldn't access her Aacount. Keira's sister has been grounded for a month. Keira is going to tell on her.
Ken had a bad day yesterday and he feels overwhelmed and burnt out today.
Euodia doesn't know what TikTok is, but Domigo explains to her that it is a new and interesting video editing application.
Alan has found a new product that has no sugar, no taste and cinnamon flavoring.
Ben is offline today. Kim will give him a rain check.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Ronnie uses three different bins for waste. There are no plastic bags in grocery stores and restaurants. Ronnie's city banned plastic bags and used three different bins.
Amanda can't find Betty's number. Amanda suggests to text him.
Leticia has lost her wallet and needs 10$. Lora and Miranda lend her 10$. She will have to get new documents.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. Dorothea is going out with Tom today and they will eat something in the town.
Jill called her girlfriend and sent her pictures. Jill kicked Bob out.
Caroline's boyfriend's mother doesn't like her. He is 26 and lives at home with his mum and gramma.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda are looking forward to the summer in Cuba, Mexico and Thailand.
Alice and Sean are going to take the dirty car to the carwash tomorrow.
Robert is not in town, so he can't help Jack.
Shaldona sends Piper her mobile invitation for her wedding.
Anna has a terrible stomachache. Anna will be in Joanna's room in ten minutes.
Somebody left a present at Marco's place yesterday. She wants Sandra to bring it over.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason bought the app and Lucy has a script. Lucy has written the script.
Kelvin will talk with other class members about having his cat during statistics class.
Dan, Tim and Chris are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom can't make it. Dan will be home at 2 pm on Sunday.
Gabriel quit the office a month ago. Robert came to visit his old friends.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad and Wanda thinks she should do something about it.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait for him inside the shop.
Gab would love to meet Kat in real life. She thinks it was a mistake.
Emily and Julie wish each other Merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
Lewandowska is in hospital with measles. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall. He does 25 km everyday and his goal for the summer is 100 km.
Jenkin doesn't know what her spirit animal is. Sophie doesn't know a fox. Jenkin will bring them over tomorrow.
Breann and Dianne got 10% off their purchases at Pet Shop.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to get Halloween costumes.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday. Sophie and lover boy are thinking of breaking up before uni.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him at the railway station next morning. Katie will pick up Ben tomorrow.
Tommy is in Poland and will lend Derek his wife an android cable for an hour.
It's Zandra's daughter's birthday tomorrow. Tricia will send Erwin to deliver the cake by bike. Tricia is taking care of the food.
Brett's cousin met his wife while playing a role-playing game. The game doesn't allow higher ranked players to interact with players out of their range. Andrew's favourite game is Final Fantasy.
According to Jake, minimalism is about buying expensive things that will last longer.
Camilla has work and errands on Saturday and shows on Saturday night. They are going to visit Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. Camilla will try the mulled wine.
Thomas is fine in the tropics where the temperature falls to -3 at night. They had a walk around the summit on Sunday. It's very cold there at night. Zoey and Thomas hope to hear from each other soon.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Tim will be late for the presentation. He will try to delay the main presentation.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his ass. He found it on the escalator.
Karen passed her driving test.
Michael is travelling a lot, he's been to Argentina and Chile. He is in Boston next weekend. He is considering quitting his job. Kai has a lot of work these days. Kai has a conference on 8th.
Joe doesn't have any cash to buy tickets for Diamond in Kenya. Ruth and Paulette will accompany them.
Derek thinks Fergie's national anthem is funny and she acts like she nailed it.
James will pick up Sue's car after work tomorrow. Sue will transfer the money in.
Iga and her boyfriend had to cancel the weekend getaway because of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Hugh and Wanda are going to make pizza. He will make the base and put it in the oven.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They will have a few meetings with clients. They are going to an expo.
Kelly recommends the red dress to Debbie. Denise thinks the green one fits her better. Denise sends her a link to the store.
Victor is busy on Saturday and can't help with the event Sara organises.
Rachel shares her top 50 films of 2018. She watched "Deadpool 2" and "Avengers".
Kyle and Quinn are going out tonight. Kyle is leaving school at Easter. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6.
Daniel's sister is visiting. They will have drinks at Mark's place.
Clay is in the class room.
There is a new club at Regents Street. Denise has been there a few times and thinks it's cool. Judy and her friends were impressed with the music. Natalie wants to go with Judy on Friday.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor. Christine will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning. Christine will call the school. Christine and Marty will see each other around 4.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4. They will go to a bar afterwards. Rachel is worried they won't like her.
Ethan is in Los Angeles. Abigail didn't know that Ethan left for LA. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Thomas will buy butter. Thomas is on his way. Jack is making mushroom soup.
Victor took over Chris's company, but Chris is still working as director. Victor sold off the office and moved the company to his office. Victor's business is going to get better by the end of the year.
Gina has painted a parrot yesterday. She will send him a pdf file.
Gaia has a lot of work at the university this term. She has 6 exams this term, one of them hard.
Stephen has taken Josh's notebook home. He will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia recommends a fair-trade brand to Elle and Florence.
Kirsten and the youth group are going bowling on Friday at 7 pm.
There is a football match next week. Their tutor wanted to join them.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of Mazie's friends. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom and forgot to close the window. She forgot to close the window. She was kicked out, but she has time till the end of the year.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are both scared of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. She's afraid of earthquakes and tsunamis. Patricia is afraid to travel.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's school play costume via email.
Malaria is dangerous for all people, not just whites.
Robyn feels better today after drinking beer last night. She feels better today.
Adam is having an exam in 10 minutes.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Her parents will be there too. Kim will be back home after 8 pm on Friday.
James is going to work, so he's not watching the game.
Ola will be free by 8. She will be free by 8 and Kurt will call her.
Liam will pick up Kane and himself at 8.
Nicky has just left Sam's place. Nicky is not at Dave's place.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party. They had fun.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. Archie is travelling by bus and will arrive around midnight. He will call Judah if he is dead.
Maya will buy earplugs for Randolph in the pharmacy.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow because someone lied about it being Friday.
