Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh and he considers himself to be from Planet Earth.
Priscilla bought the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop online. Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded it and put it on a CD.
Adam's plane was rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. Adam will be there in less than 24 hours. Adam and Hannah haven't seen each other for half a year.
Anna is making fun of Peter because he doesn't know how many clothes he should add to his wardrobe.
Ken wants his money back.
Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mckinley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people.
Gloria made sushi and tiger prawn korma for her therapy.
Someone locked the door from outside. Ray needs to pee. Max will ask his roommates to let him in.
Everett gave Amy Ralph's phone number. Everett introduced Amy to Ralph at the pub last week.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Helen will check Salvage Industries' major business.
Josie doesn't like Eco's Foucault's Pendulum. She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum and he hated it.
Keira is wondering why wildangel3 went from 1 to 2 and then 3. Lois is considering deleting both. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Ken is depressed, frustrated and stressed out. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. It's a new application that allows you to take videos and edit them with music and special effects.
Alan has found a product with no sugar, no taste and additional cinnamon flavoring. It does not overpower the cinnamon.
Ben is looking for programmers on the internet. Kim and Ben will meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Ronnie uses three different bins for compost, recycle and trash. There are no plastic bags in grocery stores and no more straws in restaurants.
Hannah wants Amanda to give her Betty's number to Larry. Larry called Betty last time they were at the park together.
Leticia lost her wallet. She will get it back as soon as possible.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to her party on Saturday.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend and sent her their pictures. She wants to break up with him. Bob kicked her out.
Caroline thinks his mother doesn't like her. Caroline is his first girlfriend and she's jelous. He is 26 and lives at home with his mum and gramma.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. Ricky is going to Cuba in 2019. Jose and Amanda are looking forward to the summer.
Sean and Alice will go to the carwash tomorrow.
Robert is not in town.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper her wedding invitation through Messenger.
Anna has a terrible stomach ache. She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will come in ten minutes.
Sandra left Millas' present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Dory and Jason have to produce a video for the movie.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday. Tom can't make it because he's going to a party at his in laws.
Robert came to visit his old friends. Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Fiona is in love with Conrad, her student. Conrad is 5 years younger than her.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Julie wishes Emily a merry Christmas and a lovely mood throughout the whole year.
Lewandowska is hospitalized with measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. He has a stationary bike so he can stay in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Jenkin is a dolphin. Sophie is a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie the cards tomorrow.
Pet shop Breann sends Dianne a 10 discount code for new customers.
Jane is getting Halloween costumes with her sister at Value Village. Connor will join her.
Yaz and Tania are going to meet in a pub on Friday at 8.
Katie hosted Tim Monday evening and dropped him off at the railway station next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann has known Ben since school. Katie will send Ben a text to tell him where Ann wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable for an hour. Tommy's wife will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8 15 pm.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready. Erwin will deliver it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. Tricia is taking care of the food and outside attractions.
Brett's cousin met his wife in an RPG called World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite RPG is the Final Fantasy series.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend. They're going to Birmingham and Manchester. They'll have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Thomas is in the tropics. It's cold where he is. On Sunday he had a walk around the summit of Belchen in icy wind and sunshine.
There were no deaths in a car accident on Circle Drive.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came, but it was a drill.
Tim will be here about twenty past. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Marek took a picture of a woman on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Karen passed.
Michael is in Boston next weekend. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. Michael is bored with his job in London and wants to leave. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jay will lend Joe money to buy tickets for the event. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Derek saw Fergie's national anthem last week and liked it.
James will pick the car up tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Iga had a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Hugh will come to make the pizza and get started.
Edward doesn't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is going with them. They are going to an expo.
Debbie is going to buy a shorter dress. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one.
Victor can't help Sara with the event on Saturday.
Rachel sent Janice the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice watched almost all 50. She also watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is leaving school at Easter. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle's uncle works for his Uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6.
Mark and Daniel are going to meet for drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Kaya is looking for Clay in Library. Clay is in the class room.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to join them.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. After the museum, they will go to some bar.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days. Ethan and Abigail will meet soon.
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is doing well.
G sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university. Only one is hard.
Jack took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Patricia sent Elle a fair trade brand.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 pm.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to sign up for the match next week.
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight. Lee can't join them because he dislikes some of Mazie's friends. Sheryl is one of them. Lee once spilled a drink on her.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30 discount.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother. She kicked her out.
Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week. They are scared of the long flight, earth quakes and tsunamis. James tries to calm them down.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's mouse costume from a school play.
Aubrianna's friend's father died because of malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people not just whites.
Robyn drank too much last night and is feeling better today.
Adam is taking an exam in 10 minutes.
Alice's dad is coming for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
James is not watching the game.
Ola will be late. She should be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow.
